You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can go out as an agriculture, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an estimate is generally something that was left somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an existential.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolivian.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stanford, Ohio. where I was the rare of class.
When I was beaten to blood every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when he allowed me to enter the teacher of the teachers.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go out of the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '70s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fight the AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher -- Mr. Post who said, "I need to see you.
I'm destroying that of adults we never got to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring to that man who I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stand up with this please.
Well, the next day we were in Crain.
We went to see it, we were laughing, and we realized that she needed to be honest.
We found it a place, and we got it, and we took it out and we took away from his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as adults came to know, it became a heart box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that estimate that I talked to them was in itself.
The demand is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I jumped out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and it's all interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first tricks.
I was amazed.
My heart is fast, I was marine, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tricks around me came out of water about 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that he was about a snowball on another snow of snow year after year.
The tricks are born when they get away from the glaciers or they break the ice bar.
Every piece has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are going to come up and take them up to the end, while others can't be able to withstand them and become a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, by looking at a iceberg that are isolated and alone, largely as we see ourselves as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a wheat melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a tissue is melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I dare to photograph these topics as if it's going to be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments exist that way, and they won't exist that way again.
It's not the death when it melts, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the tunnels that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Zerox, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get it really to be able to make a robot traffic.
Here it is.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your liquid line.
You can see here, it starts rolling around, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a trick of Greenland -- average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same moment, every one of us will consider a baby.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the concept itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And at this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm joined the X chromosome of the egg.
They both do and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
So in my home activity I would take two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a historic strengthen and what I study in this case is the way people embrace the anatomy -- and to say, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role in my work is an activist, as a defense of patients or, as I say sometimes, defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with silence twins, two people within one body.
I've been working with people with entering, much lower people than average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with active sex, individuals whose physical tricks don't fit on male schools and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it integrating.
Institutional adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that is not encouraged in the male or male forms or female.
For example, there is the case of the individual with helpful character base whose Green gene of the chromosome and tells the prototypes that we all have in the fatal life, which becomes testified.
And then, in life life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sentence of intensive to antibiotics.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a typically female course.
When the baby is born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the sensities, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing it tests, you realize that instead of having ovarian and temperature, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body called supermarket glands calls.
They're in the back of the body.
The supermassive glands produce angiogenesis, the hormone of manipulation.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, don't know its corporate structure, I think being a typical woman, most women like me are sensitive to the ancestors.
We produce angiogenesis and respond to the ancestors.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the ancestors that the woman who was born with testicles that has the sentence of intensive to the ancestors.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intensity is in the middle of the spectrum, in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you saw, and I had sheep, and sexual relationships with her, I was carrying a life as a boy and I had just discovered that I had sheep and temperature.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as supermade supermarket hypertensions.
It had 20-year-old chromosomes and the supermarket glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genetics were manufacturing, their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male.
I was born with a little kid, no one suspects anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started to have medical problems caused by the internal mechanism, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women inside it.
Well, another example of a case of integration.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes developed what you know as a distance, that is to say, they have open tissue wrapped on temperature tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- they are standing -- silent twins or sensitive twins, they become normal surgery -- it's not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you get a lot of surgery is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposed to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with categories.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of the very romantic individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids born like two people within one body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African corridor with the County Searbury, put it in a trial of trial his sex in the International World World World World World World World World Also.
Many journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Sergio is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a training line between men and women or men and intensive and intensive men and women and intensity, are we who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the more science of science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- and we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly to stable ideological categories, are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we get in a scale ground.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we choose in the fact of making them in just a few negotiating?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights from the photos.
There are very accumulated discussions today -- not in public today, but I know within medicine -- and when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to look at this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of your nose, and if you move you still not buried it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to face the dilemma of determining somebody else's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think this explosion of category could encourage someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, and I'm going to tell people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
I would find that these categories are much more unstable than we thought I was saying.
So you have from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am an adventure of the Farmer Parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I find myself all so much to see that music curved "Standard and not by music, which is totally happening.
That's what happened in 1783 with the Foundation parents.
The Foundation Parks were, for me, the first activist activists and I explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replacing it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers what our Foundation parents did was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monsters of the old world didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were the idea that he got to the political power on the right of blood transmitted from the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The Foundation Foundation rejected that idea and replaced it by a new academic concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was a common anatomy and not anatomic differences, that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system that they were looking at two things.
He was looking at democracy and at the same time the science was born.
And it's very clear -- if you look at the history of the Foundation, that many people were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supportive power through a vacuum idea of birth right.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were transferring the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women translate.
Then I came to the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the Hollywood Treasure hand, who said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
In new people of color that are passionate about an anatomical coincidence on the anatomical difference and, again, transportation.
We see the same with the Disastronautify movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the companies, we have to start asking why we keep certain dinosaurs.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't mean that we had to get back to anatomy.
I don't mean that five year-old kids were supposed to allow them to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense, and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep it and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are connected to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both content in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time, June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary was attributed all the rights three months before Henry was attributed to the sex consent, the right to the vote, the right to ship."
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other remotes in relation to their rights.
Henry -- in virtue of being considered man -- and I haven't told you if it's HIV, in virtue of being considered man now is about the mandatory criminal that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mars, on its hand, has no same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So you still persist anatomical categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science goes so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be defeated.
I don't want to give science to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science comes up to us.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude, "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosomes -- and that to marry a woman have to have chromosomes and to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice they don't do criminal exams.
But this is also very strange to give the story that I told you at the beginning of the resistance syndrome to the ancestors.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King on his speech, "I do a solution -- they offer a solution.
He says that we should judge people who are not in the color of his skin, but in the contents of his character, they go beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the contents of their character?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to ensure the people right, because I have to admit that I know some of the resolutions that are probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers I know can make more definition and smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content.
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance in the future.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this stream of thinking in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the anger in which a man who feels attracted for other men is susceptible to be a system, unless it's willing to be a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm happy to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made light to give birth stories and then separate them, and then they will see their fame.
But when the phone was asked by the pattern of the operation, it was a very risky operation -- I said that in that other country these kids would be very mistakesparent and therefore I had to do it.
I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not forced to change for the good good.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given greater participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic toxics, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching the sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the transparent studies is that women -- on average, -- but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the population, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- and I was considered feminist -- like now, made me a strange platform.
"What is the female female female?
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with losing gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in the female?
But the more I've thought about your question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something female in the female.
I mean, there might be something -- in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more aware of complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very reluctant to find a way to protect people by part of the state, it is possible that to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the recording of responsibility.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy of the anatomy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect universe, we think about what we do from each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work, have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to recognize them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily put it into the world, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just representative of apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of the ones who wanted to live in apartment are already owned and that the other half still would give them to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity by making expansions in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that is facing is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid multiplexing and building distribution.
So it would be very difficult to do all those applications.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place is the building instead of putting them together.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of reforms big enough to contain cities and give them a name, cities under statistics.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, January and October were thinking about the challenge to reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 hours would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask, what could they do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Hongston.
In the summer of 2009, Hong in the summer of the developed constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peter Lorder was excited by a platform in which he promises reforms and the same reconciliation.
He asked Cyrus to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal to give me a talk.
Through a process of representatives, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under space to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that you say you can't go and go to all the current apartments of apartment.
We take a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies like rules to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent October a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's get this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than its monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the trainer of the land in a place like New York City, and there that in some cases are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, he said, "Well, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under space is a place where it starts with the destroying terrain, a status that makes the rules that are applied there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hong called me, and told me that we had to make this project, this is important, this could be the path for our own country.
He asked me to go to Telling me and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennerally, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denner.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the skills that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud cooperative.
The public faces were very serious and sources.
The leader of the Congress came up to the platform and said, "Let's Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer?
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go to in London, rather than hundreds of miles away to the north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the government leaders in the government needed help of countries, they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them establish and make the standards of the status -- so that everybody could trust the status to effectively be full.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily be a thousand square miles.
And soon after, on January 19, voted in Congress to understand its constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that I just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in the Congress in favor of this constitutional training was 120 to one.
All of the parties -- all the factors in society, resistance.
To include the constitution, you have to fit twice in Congress.
On February 17, it was passed again in another vote, 110 to one.
Immediately after the voting volume, 21 to 24 of February, a delivery of about 30 hours was the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new city center that is building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was been built in four years, after four years to get the permissions.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come in, and at the time they would allow to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow their South Court to be the ultimate insight for this new criminal system.
There are tricksters and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a company of free trade, and there are many people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say that they would like to change immediately somewhere else.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go and get a job, sometimes these are dead mothers that have to earn money for just eating or buying clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to be thinking about building a new city in Hong-old."
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insist so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- and it's that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, sheet, and more recently, photograph and post in my blog broken and color and different for each other.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pulse markets and second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my cartoon in the environment and my wallet.
I get to know international people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buying it becomes my search personal search for me.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It'll be my chain?
I would like color.
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I was supposed to do for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does someone have all that chap ...
So I'm going to show you exactly what I bring.
I've brought seven pairs of internal clothing and nothing else.
Rose interior for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else I want to use after getting here to Palm Sergels.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the Sunday.
I call it bright chest.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always see them phenomenal.
The whole thing, including the chess, cost me, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Life, color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be of bad humor, when you're wearing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars. The integration is supposed to be supported.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you also appreciate you.
Middle Michelands, Guardian of the boy who carried in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the districts, or I remind you to your little age of seven years.
I like to smile, "Thank you."
Judeship, trust is the key.
If you think you see a good thing with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look well at something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 who really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
You see, you see a universal truth for you: The golden legal legs go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, developing a personal style itself, and it's a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week just for what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little valuable.
So before I go home, British, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to be emotionally approaching these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright suit to wait, if there's a little love in my heart and I look for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we use a scale to measure the nature of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you take your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes would be taken by one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integrity of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great attraction in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they are except to be except.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuitive? Well, we like to play with things.
We get playing with them, and then we see how we react to it, and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't get born with this notion of it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and it didn't do it very well, it always goes.
But I bet that the play with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow the transmissions to stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that can be in the world, except to be a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking lots, they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of things that are really rare -- as they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called the quantum mechanical theory.
And at that point it was found the physics a few years ago, needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But it didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes games with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never anybody saw a particle one.
But it also doesn't fit to my logical part.
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supply.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a very large approach to the little metal transition.
What we see is a little bit of metal -- with traffic form, and that survives support on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip chip -- and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this mass of ship pilot that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum puzzle, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people are going to stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or, actually, scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave the same way.
The trips of travel of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shows it and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced an approach and extractions all the air, and then we approached it to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being on the elevator side, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I was vibrating was like a breathing in this way -- like a piece that expanded and contract.
And by giving you a smooth sweat, we could make it vibrate and I don't live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant thing and I didn't do at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece are for you and at the same time that atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain points when those are alien.
In the rest of time they're drawn.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all of the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
He was worth running in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal period and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places. Why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in many places at the same time. How would that?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was delivered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we heat it, and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition. seemingly all objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just doing in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago, another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and that allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months to me.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is explained simply on this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education of a great education -- and I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
And better than I show you a couple of interesting things that we've taken out of your launch.
So, just go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the United Nations, the Mountain, the Edison, the Redwesting, the Google Van God.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, the Metroscope, the New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and pay -- we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombard or Michigan, that actually doesn't matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We open the plane up, and with a single click, we jump into it.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep it forward. Have it divided?
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The complimental of Pieter Brown in the Metroscopal."
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows you the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all of the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the globalization technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 million pieces.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million pinks?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pieces.
It can be done in a very simple way.
You see fun things going on.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to go deep.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I invented a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan -- and I actually discovered that this is a game called the "Computer that consists of shipping one of the streets of Carbon floor."
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away the picture, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we go quickly to jump at the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The Star Nobel Now."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the prisoners?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this patient work?
I increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Spain Nobel? I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool. It's called "The "Country."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manual, that gives you the same.
You can online, create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "the courage of the coral -- we just did a court around it.
It's about "The Emmanueled National Gallery in the National Gallery."
You can submit things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces of it.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle do justice to your art and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that you do today is, "You can do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a penguin, a flying punch.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm from an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of its bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it's happened something very interesting in France careers over the last two decades.
And so long ago, if you wanted to win a Farmer Four career, you took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components and a sensor and an activity.
The interesting thing is that the real time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics ...
They're becoming computer air computers.
And, as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
And the cities are a big thing.
As a notice, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption, and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Patro Antarctica for the end of the year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The Uncle Metto."
Well, our objects, the environment, starts talking.
It's kind of like almost all of the existing atoms become sensors and activities.
And that's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Minister angels?
You know, when Michelangelo sculpt the Morosom, he says that at the end he took the hammer and he threw it up to the Moses -- he still can see a little bit of a mouse underneath it, and he said screaming, "You know, no partner doesn't talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting the idea of capturing the environment and to accept something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer for luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of Copern.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end Zimba gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Red River.
It's morning, before play.
The time line is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people around here, and there are called making calls move.
It starts the game, silence.
Free from France de Italy.
And then they come in, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regulation time.
First additional time, second.
Zimbabweet, and in a moment, the head.
I won Italy, right?
That night, everybody went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they were all the center in the center of the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Mashabule, where, from the Roman period, people are going to celebrate, it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but things we use and consume them.
Today, we know all about the advent of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they were standing up.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the trash in its delivery by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than one year ago, to tag what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that were anyway.
Then we put a little chip, a tag -- to the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
It's from Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are many inefficient in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're going on complicated things, and there's a lot of transparent transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at all the days that the cup we throw doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we took one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague of MIT, Silicon Bible, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago.
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a car and valves -- solar valves -- languages that open and shut up.
It's created as a cortex of water, with water pigs.
If you take the pixels you can write in them, show patterns patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can pass it, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Belleful.
I liked it very much.
And I developed a common to design the building to the entrance of the Expose.
We call it Digital Water Pantheon.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you squeeze it open so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sandwiches, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
That days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said, "I would have the building building.
No, it's not that you have demonstrated, but when you go down almost all the architecture disappeared.
Here it is working.
You see the people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to do not to move when you test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Bangladesh came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me happen, but a building that kept doing cut and holes of water, and you had to jump up to not move.
(Audience people? And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use of the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical paintings, the water pixels and the projections of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little punishment that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves into space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like the one that we saw before, which was moving with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
It's a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of penguins.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes.
And then that then all of that could be a Time pig cloud that you can zoom in, and you go through and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Philadelphia, going down to form an AIDS, as before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boltza -- the best ballet dancers -- the New York City star and Michael Saturn State, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for the Flithone.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pigs, the capture in different resolutions.
It's so much digital diagnosis in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go back all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and roll.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flithone.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- like a crowd crisis, like a crack crisis, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all a little bit for a penguin.
And I think the remarkable thing has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges -- think of climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pigs in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are penguins.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered pieces.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the Earth Olympic Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital force at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory, for more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better form, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and sure of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe being from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What do you want to like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
(Audience music) Creativity, creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Single single -- it's probably due to the number of creative creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you choose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about long-term longevity?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED, Dublin, who was also completely completed in the Original Orchestra Church, wrote a team called the "The biology makes sense to the light of Everything."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this, it's just the past, or the future?
Does it mean other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well, on an end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We took a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There's been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in the outside.
Some of them have gone back.
We have been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually the basic machinery of our cells is about the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein -- they chemically developed that the pancreas comes out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take into the most bacterial gut that cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Darwin asks you about the autonomy?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm -- dark, hypersended, it's very advanced.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some fossil approach to the output.
But therefore, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are they going to turn it into something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast incentive of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief eat, the animal kingdom, as a single and unique compassion, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the wrong part of this talk, so I hope you have it enjoyed it.
When I was in college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the unit organisms, every cell just divided up and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of that cell.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes previously.
In fact, you might say that the inevitable of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to convince you that when I was college student, I thought, well, seventhaller, sequence, death per sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was going on, I was getting more doubt.
I came to understand George Buria feelings, which still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, you find a magnificent dancer light dance.
He looks at it, and he says, "I want to look for a sex seat."
"It is good, he says, "I chose the soup.
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily constantly, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to raise health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapt and survive generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like replacement rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next organic, and then leave the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen is when he said, "I don't want to achieve the inspiration through my job.
I want to do it didn't die?
Evolution is not necessarily favorable to longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or faster, and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the terrible bacteria that can survive the heat of the smoke that they can produce, if there were fish there, fish cooking in the cow, yet they've managed to do that an advanced environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the footage -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first of all, we've heard a lot of genes that would otherwise have been destroyed and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have convinced our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated circuits, and we will get in so much that it is no longer possible to have the isolation needed for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce a traditional kind of evolution, natural kind of drive by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution would be defended, but they're incredible.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species of distributed planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and intriguing and terrifying possibility.
The so-called neuroscience, the new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they are choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual and family level.
Think also that if you can be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make the genetic change to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the charging.
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and spent 13.
It costs two billion dollars.
The following year to end up in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of human genome at a cost close to the 20,000 and a week.
They're not going to take a lot to make the human genome reality by 1,000 and to be more and more to the scope of all.
They come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccination against growing cells in a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just other little changes.
Can you change your bodies in your body, but if you could change the cells from your destiny?
What if they could change sperm and books, or change the fresh flying car, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the health, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease to prevent disease as well as a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Kennedy especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Walting machine.
Why not have a contraction muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and more distant."
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irrespecting.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become the evolution of before in the neuroscientists.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe in the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to get to them.
We're going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considerably?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust, and more vertically.
This is the kind of question we're going to have to deal with.
And the deepest thing about all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these song something?
For good or worse, and before what I could think about, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making close, click, click, click, click up.
click, click, click, click, sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting in the 17th.
It was the only one who could talk to flight attacks.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some ancient."
The pilot had already lived the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot encourages the airplane with the Hudson River.
This is usually not the route.
The motors go off.
Imagine being on an airplane and without noise.
And then three words.
The three most demonstration words I've heard.
He said, "Let's for the impact?
I didn't have to talk more with flight substance.
I could see it in your eyes.
Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before they die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to do, and I never had.
As I thought about that, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Come vibrating bad?
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urban, that purpose, has actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we put the George Washington Bridge -- I didn't have a lot -- I thought about it: I really feel a big weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave place to my ego.
And it takes away the time that I wasted in things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a medium in that. I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels about wonder.
I don't try to be right. choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock is going to be destroyed, "Oh, 14, 13?
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please again."
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces like you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of it, a police -- die doesn't fear fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is made in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children growing up.
One month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade -- not a lot of art talent -- "Hey!  And she grew, I cried as a little guy.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Especially the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle -- not die that day.
And it was given to me another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live differently.
You know, you're flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't look like this, but imagine, and how do you change?
What would they do, they still wait to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do you change your relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
Texas was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he got to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant on the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influence me.
I have a design company and animation so that obviously graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to go to Tony Tom, TED, and their cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he can be able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second, it's not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking, not all people with paralysis can communicate through those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it."
These devices are not affordable.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Anybody to see the film "The School and the Marine?
They communicate that way, they are doing it with the finger.
I said, "That's architect. How can it be?
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check, I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that point -- "Mom well, this is the treatment. Tony is going to talk to you, we're going to be building a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do their art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't be communicating.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Grand Lady Research Lady, who has a technology that allows them to project a light at any surface, and then with a laser page, draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a life cycle.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot to move things back to another side, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we went to the gates of the insurance companies, and we got a machine so that Texas could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun -- I call it Because when I talk to the guy you get an email from him, and you say, "Don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world from all the corners on the planet, to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, moved to the back garage and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and contracts took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we got back back to the walls of the walls and instead there would be grateful.
But for two weeks, we went to the Marine passion of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Edithant, "The No And you can see the description."
They are a pair of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the March Beach, a little bit of copper wire and Home Defense things and Radio Shanghai.
We take a GDP camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself, we published the code free, the software is low in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that I can say, "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this biological and archive during the great international.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions around the night, Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture, because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall from the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and we can imagine what the feeling was in the parking parking parking parking room.
The funny thing was that we had to inject in the parking lot, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue and pulled me out there so that I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream in a way.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Machine screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
That's why we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free, none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong had something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- this is what ends up close to the circle, is that in April this year in the German George in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The States on the Streets."
And "The Streets on the streets is going to have the best extinctions of urban art -- "Hey, September Facebook, CA: All of them are going to be there.
Telescope is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea, if you look at something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer -- the computer, the microphone, the Spaint, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we meet something we feel that you have to do -- if it's not now, when isn't it now, when am I not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years metabolic in generally very difficult situations.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked in a coal mine, dangerous.
Fish in zones of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only this, fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully analyze it in a way that you see interventions and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pathogen I wanted to do something a little bit differently.
So, some may have heard -- or not, a couple of weeks ago, I was a bird in Earth.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some of them on Twitter, offered in sale the names of my TEDTalk of 2011.
What had been about the next thing: "The National National Pressure," my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and according to content could exploit it on the face, especially if I put it into ridiculous to you or your company by doing it.
But he said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks."
Thank a lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So I still know that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I would have not been able to say it with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing -- the advertising world.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate for something as difficult or so dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spain. I want to make a film that tries to be about the position of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with products and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie ever sold.
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold -- is that everything from the top down to the bottom of the beginning has images of market, all the time, from the turn that appears before the title, the brand X land.
Now this brand -- "There's StoryCorps, the Senio- Center?
These people are associated with the film to perfection, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea -- (Music Karai," is release? Is that? (Audience: Is it red." A perception, forever."
I'm a red loss. (Audience: I just say it." It was more by sheets.
It was perfectly perfection.
But we're not just going to have the X brand sponsor in the title but we're going to make sure we're going to add all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe that you have used.
The most cool car that you've been driving in "The largest movie ever sold the best suit you have been sold, collecting "The largest movie ever sold.
Jane Kosha, the idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (Audience: Get the film finance?" MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The entire film goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- of principle to end.
And I would love to help me make it happen.
Robert French. You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Wow. However, I don't know how resistant people are going to be.
TK: You have a perspective, I don't know if "The is very negative, but you know how it goes to reduce? (Audience: No idea." David Coke. How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half -- (Audience: All right, John Kara, I think it's going to be hard to meet them, but it's certainly going to be worth convince a couple of big brand.
AK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out of us as a bunch of joyful ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia? Most answers.
MS: But will it be hard to sell you, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So, I'll help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Audience: Okay, amazing.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yes. (Audience: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to treat them."
MK: So we have some places where they go. (Audience: Okay? It goes the camera.
MS: I thought that "The camera means, it meant we have a conversation out of microbial conversation.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to so many people as possible, make so many people seen it as possible.
Especially in the world today -- this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell with that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to take the message into the masses.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a gardening mistake, and that mistake was this.
Not such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you look for pictures of "The Google on Google --   this is one of the first images that they appear on.
I like your rolling way. Sergey Bronx. No.
This was the problem, the transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or accessible of information, especially in business practice, being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name -- even the CEOs would name it.
But suddenly when it comes to making it reality a bit of a sudden change.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps going.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is a birthday?
You eat an entire court of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling us that we wanted to tell this story, and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you have to tell the story of story?
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he was looking at him, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help us -- that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kansai for many years, I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to remove the international and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to get out of suddenly -- I started to realize that I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince the companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, big, giant and others who make small, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies -- giant hospitals, say the reason why their films have so much success is due to the associated marks that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big films of Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The largest movie ever sold.
How are we going to look specifically at Bang in the movie.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I opened my bag, you'll see the Bang desert.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you very cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there would offer one of these fabulous arms.
Both "The Park From Park So Park Paradise will have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid and bottle, in bars, like that.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a portrait look.
Karen Franklin. We're a small brand.
So similar to the smallest kind of movies that you count -- we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remember Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang."
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Technology technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the airplane.
Man: Let's talk about something audacious, fresh about it.
I think "The "The Professor is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the suffer."
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep them fresh time? With better frustrated, more fractal, three times cooler fresh.
Things like those who solve the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-to-four company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, to people like me, to the common Peters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your show?
Man: My marketing market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: Renewable the 80 person in order unless it is day of washing up.
MS: Okay, well, what is the German brand is?
German? Something unique. (CA: One? Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark guilt.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like this.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic cheery, Mercedral Mercedral.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it calculation.
Woman 2: In part liver, in part of the poetry, in part Brazil, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of materials.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Venus because I get the market.
Man 5: March burning failure.
Is that something?
Darwin. I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Tasmania.
MS: Well, we can't all be Mars Tamil, but I often rank in the intersection of darkness and dark calculation.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help us understand what they call the "stream "marketing."
And I found a company called Olympic Basel in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, February, Heliet to discover that personality personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Adam. It cradless the photos, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a familiar picture.
A, how much a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: How much of that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A, how does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of it?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A, "How do you have the "more "more guy? What does that look like?
What's the machine? What is the magic phase you find now?
Why is it important? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's a little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have been have?
And it has to be afraid -- what kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Oh -- (Audience: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (CA: Great job. AB: Yes. (CA: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lincoln Zallanka. The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complicated -- in your brand personality, the Morgan Sharpe brand is a conservative brand.
They were very well back together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to have -- it's the human nature -- to avoid the things that they're not safe, avoid fear, those elements and you actually give them charge and make them become something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classic -- Apple.
And you can see also here to Tarboobs, Will, minister of minister Corporation and Jewish.
Now there are local marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come up but a patrician brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A paralyzed brand. What's your show?
If someone asks you to describe your identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an attracting attracting? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a distributed attracting?
A little bit higher, reserve, conservative?
The accessible attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the President, contemporary contemporary, adventure, attributed or bold like Erike Flianes, fast or glacier, professional, dominant or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more about the distinctive attracting?
Are you conscious -- sophisticated like LT: sophisticated like LT: sophisticated like LT: Are you sophisticated.
Are you stage, traditional property, provided, protecting, identify with Obama?
Are you confident, stable, familiar, confident, safe, safe, contamination or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube."
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, and they had an awareness and shorter and destroyed, they said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they didn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
It allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing as a filmmaker.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned advertising to the air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no values, no posters, no volumes, nothing.
And we went to school district in which companies are doing way in schools with record problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've had more successful are those where I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands.
They took the interference the interference, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did it go? Did they have successfully?
Well, since the film is structured at the State Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Buriarer the film is structured in January, and since then -- this is not all, we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online. It's not in supermarket.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win drive.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about will advise their clients not to be part.
I've always believed that if you get ride, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get out of the people that are pushing them into the failure.
I think when you train your employees at the risk of your risk is preparing all your company for reconciliation.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to reach up.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities they can address them.
Ultimately, they go forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's embrace fear. Let's embrace the risk.
From one inch at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to move to transparency.
Now more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We transferred transitionally, has been presented by my good friends of Euryp's friends who by 17,000 bought the rights of the name in Earth.
EM: They become big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
And so we put up the Transparency present.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1970s."
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a care from the math organization of TED, the Saturn Foundation, a check for 17,000 to be applied to my attendance for TED of the next year.
The idea behind the Starback computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Union entrepreneur plant.
The gray boxes that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves -- we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a laptop computer using an engineer to get this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Starback.
Let's start with a Windows.
The punishment enters the gray box, damage the central box, and the Iranian nuclear program is demonstrated, mission.
It's easy, there?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Starback six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown at all.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part, the installation used multiple dancing vulnerable.
It seemed like wanting to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment in which we infer our environment with Starback, and we saw what happened with this.
So very strange things happened.
Streetap-started behaves like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese, obsessed, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese, I realized, and I thought, "This is a director attack.
It's completely directly.
The installation is looking at active box in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
You don't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is?
It might be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
And better than we discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and decode the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small little and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professional armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that they attack for.
They probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Starback installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old banking language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need theories about desperations that we can approve or destroyed.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sanitation, it must be a valuable, and it's surely located in Iran, because that's where most infectious infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant in Boston and the National England plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I have a list of all experts in central and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to build their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital hominist with the round control.
The rotate is that mobile part inside the window, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, you can certainly save it and even make the blindness explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and displace in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital health to look at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 145 percent of that code, you can't open up.
I began to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in National and found that they are structured in what's called a cardgony, and every waterfall contains 160 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had with each other.
So I didn't marry it, it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in streets and we had to start again.
Even so, we discovered that both digital hearing would take on one and the goal, but from different angles.
The small bird is taking a waterfall and making the rotate and recording them, and the big bird communicates with six carts and manipulating tubes.
In summer, we are very confident that we've determined what the destruction is.
It's Native, and it's just Native.
We shouldn't worry about other goals to be achieved by Starback.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box -- and you see the central cents.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And, believe it or not, this fake entry data is presidential by Stanford.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds video private.
Is it great in there?
The idea here is obviously not only to be sort of building the operators in the room.
It's really much more dangerous and advanced.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the large steam turbine is happening from speed, you have to open up valve valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator, obviously.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're competing, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And you don't operate the security system you don't notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to see, specifically with central contracts, with traditional consumer.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generous.
And you don't have an attacker, you have to disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Starback.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to be discovered.
They enjoy the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a massive destruction of massive.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Radio has been done public in many sides that people assume the Moscow is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lander, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Moscow is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The motor behind this is cyber survival.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately,
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for endorsing. Thank you, Raped.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you a little bit of skills coming up or another one that makes you use wheelchair and go back and walk.
In "Beathring Biometrickers, we call these robots, extinctions.
It's nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a big force that will also increase your speed, and help you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other experiences outside.
This is not an irony idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take a load of 45 pounds, and it's demanding to lead even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with damage chronic damage.
We decided to match this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV -- or Portly Carria Charles University.
Soldier: With the Hungarian exoskeleton I can get 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Its flexible design, allowing you to put on cultures dragging it and run motion with great architecture.
Because what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Cyrus Bendia, we're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
We go back now to look at the users of wheelchair on what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in power chairs, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- in the 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that you aging to be multiplied quickly.
Their only option -- many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complexity -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from its successful approach, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the cloud that is using Amanda Boston who was using America Boston who was about 19 years ago, and as a result couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boof, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our choice, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
They completely don't invest in the crutches that send signals to the boat computer, here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give energy to the engines in the heats, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and very natural shell.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when I was a strange leap in the air, skiing it down below the partnership.
In a fraction of seconds, I lost all feeling and everything movement from the pen down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "You know, you never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I was surrounded to the last pizza of my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, I have allowed me to learn how to break down it up in stands, rock rock and even ride on hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just from soldiers, but Amazon, and all users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious stuff.
And no, it's not the festival of the Man Art or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos in the jungles of Congo.
Banks are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives, their closest lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggressive aggressive age.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, large, bondarian society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very tolerant society where the moral violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study it.
Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the terrify technique, stage of a violent conflict that has been proposed for decades and causes almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's no wonder that this destruction also puts in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
The composition of hunting meat and deforestation makes you not fill a state with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "Let's love love, not war, because they have frequency sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the Bonobo life is more than the Karl Sweden.
Boys, like humans, love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to engage.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- interaction diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
Play is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how to play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video clips taken from the substance.
First, it's a sort of silly still ball game, and I don't talk football in it.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "He has a graduate of the balls?
I just think that in this case, he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common in both Bonobo and humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows you, this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and foster trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is pollent.
The game is pollent, you can adopt a lot of shapes, some of which are more crazy, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the awe is reduced.
And I want you to see this is South, a young female who's playing with water transportation.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with more creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that game is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation food.
To adapt to a world that changes a world we have to play.
But do we take advantage of our game ability.
The game is not fragment.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans for the same, life is not just cruel and disappointment.
When it seems like the least appropriate play, it can be the moments in which the most urgent thing.
So that's why we make primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we govern creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Holly.
When I am not fighting poverty, combat fires as a captain assistant in a body of voluntary firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers match a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a race race against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was focusing on a conversation with the property that certainly was one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the late night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a umbrella in painting, destroyed, while his house was in fire.
The other volunteer that I had just got before I came before me, "The Lego Luxerate --  -- came first to the captain and he asked her to go into and save the dog of the owner of the house.
The dog was a boat show.
There was a lawyer or a money of money that for the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a building in call to save a live being just because I was won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an adoption.
He said, "Oh, I need to go home.
I need it to go up, turn the fire, and bring it to this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went up, I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the fire firefighters that at that kind or less had finished taking the fire and entered the main room for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load around the ladder where I met my American and the precious dog in the main door.
We took out the temperatures for the owner of home where, as it was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the double house of the courageous effort demonstrated to save their house.
The kindness that she observed for about the other was that somebody had ever reached a pair of shoes.
Both in my fly in Robin Holly as in my volcanity as a volunteer bombing I'm a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also free and corrupt acts at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're going to get a remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this, you don't expect.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you, it lies now.
I served food in a dining box, clean a park in the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So you train the game, you save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark Giussani: Mark back.
Mark Bears. Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1859 with a very simple idea, cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1967, to Lego came up with this.
It was called automatic assembly blocks.
And in a few years, the Lexing bricks.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
Lego made it accessible.
Lego simply adopted the charge block in the world, and I became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that took us from a world of aesthetic brick to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block -- the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing philosophers.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little Lifetthanes, each of them with a specific function.
They're predictable to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that it used to be impossible.
So you can't put it wrong.
The broccolis have a color code.
The green is the salamand, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the class.
So you just have to assemble a blue with you green and very quickly you can begin to make bigger circuits.
A blue person makes light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulatory.
If we change the button by a pulse, which is here, and now we have a light interactive.
We added this time to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, the philosophy are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program it, connect and sold, philosophers, allow us to program using very simple intuitive gesture.
To make it faster or slower. You just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind the philosophers is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to bring them ready to use.
Little sounds, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how do you work a light at night, or why the door of an elevator is kept open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We also have led to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any electronics in electronics start playing with philosophers as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and primary, we have George creating?
(Audience metallics?  A few weeks ago, we took a few weeks ago to the design of the Rhode Island School designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, "You do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, an active control cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a leg made of paradox that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, the physicists became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
For that, the military has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture it.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So let me go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Maleuture. Wait for a moment.
You can give it a little bit in charge.
We can continue the video on one side.
No.
This is not it?
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, do I take the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to stop, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called the American form of the United States and would be like a people of peace for technologies.
We select some members every year, and we put them to work with the manipulations.
Instead of sending the Third World we sent them into the wild world winner.
They made big applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Alex.
It's a concert of Boston City.
So here it appears as if you look for a date, but what I really look for is that somebody gets clean when it gets caught by the snow because it knows that it's not very good at taking fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he come to ask for aid in this cybercriminal way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of "The Forest Force."
They were there in February, and at that moment I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city will never clean these strangers.
But one of the members called Erik Microsoft noticed something else, that citizens cleaned with legs right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a stream.
You accept to clean it out when you fall up.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case to the case.
If you don't do it, someone can red.
I mean, it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it extends in viral form.
A responsible for the city of the city of Hollywood when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt technician.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go down the taxi designs.
And Chicago just took it out to make people record to clean sidewalks when they can.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use.
And this has been spread with no friction in organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that having been done by normal channels would have taken at least two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
There is now a project in the judicial power of California that even the moment has 200 million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and it's spreading in viral form is a fortune of advertising to the institution of government.
It suggests the government better ways of working, not as in private companies, as many people think that it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without restoratives, in open and general ways.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an anti-computer institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy.
And it's not just a sea for America but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contributed to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a big frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it's that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the BBC -- and all those other things that get us crazy -- government is essentially in Times Obama words, "What we do together because we can't just can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I asked you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government ultimately sounds out of us, remember that from "Not the village? The way to think about it to affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was in choosing people to make loads of charge.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about all, a matter of transparency.
This is the center of telephone phone and information.
This is the place that we call the calls if you mark 3D in America.
Scott hit this call.
I joined "Doctors," the official knowledge base.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put it very strong music and see if you go?
And it worked.
But that wasn't the end of the traffickers.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone, called "Chesters Connector?
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the New York Urban Medical Medical Medical.
One day, this actually happened, comes this particular, "I don't know if it's dead.
How do I get to take them?
The denial of the Congole Congo is different.
Scott was talking in person.
And in the British Congolese, it's all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said, "I went to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarachi," Yes. Like -- yes.
I turned the bucket, I went home.
Good night, draw the crazy."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to engage and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connect to the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we are forced the communities.
If we call animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times they've chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that the government reflects our values and satisfaction our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 percent.
Below what we call book.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that decline that keeps us that that is that we are going to fund as something that operates in our against us, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe politics.
If we want this institution to work, we need to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government.
That makes the Oklahoma movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the Security of Valley, about the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned to the government, it's time we asked ourselves what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we get to where we need to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all of us?
We can't practice government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that the technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There is a generation growing up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act on the world, you only have to articulate systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a higher generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving it almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time, and they do.
So when you face the government problem you don't care much to make your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a bowe, taking weeds -- dumping a garbage cube that has a trade inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those distances and a lot of people do.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not only consumers, we're not just government consumers that pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we'll be a voice crowd, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in the death race.
I've spent most of my life in marginal communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations here.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it is if it's charitable -- it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I don't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a material, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started many of the dictionaries in our home.
It was daughter of people who had been scanned.
Their parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1850.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a little girl and I looked at it, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I stopped.
One or two hours later, he came back to me and he was like, "Go, still feel my horse?
And if I said no, I was grabs again, and if I said yes, I was in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture your time and your attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, and he took me out of my hand and he said, "Dr. Brown. We are going to convers it."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and he said, "Let's tell you something, but you can't tell anyone to it."
I said, "Okay, Mars.
She said, "Now I'm sure you wouldn't do it? I said, "Slow?
And then he sat down, he looked at me and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at.
And I said, "Do you think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to promised three things: Brown."
I said, "Hello, Mars."
And he said, "The first one I want you to promised me is that you always want your mother."
Air, "She is my small, and you have to promise that we always take care of it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promised me is that you will always do the right thing although the right thing is the difficult?
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars. So I'll do it."
Then he finally said, "The third thing I want you to promised is that you never drink alcohol algae?
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where the priest were, grabbed me to my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got the crazy crazy limits.
He took a sip of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay, you know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something out, your sister also -- Thank you a beer.
I said, "No, I won't feel good, you can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens? Take a beer."
I woke up looking at it with force and goes, "Oh, I'm not going to be you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "It tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was drawing.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this is widely spreading out.
But I have 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I'm not saying that it's a virtue. I say it by the power that the identity is.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that really don't look like.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the proposition.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we were about it, we had to emphasize.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in condition freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities -- it's so much despite, so much despair -- determined by these facts.
One in three black black and 30 years is in prison or conditioning freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young color people are in jail or condition of conditions.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not curiosity, it's wealth that drives the results.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The politics of fear and funders makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're described.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you would prepare from rights forever, if you have a criminal content.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of rights of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where they sentenced to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no possibility of coming out again.
Right now we're in some litigation process.
The only country in the world.
They represent people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for commons commodity?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for common crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
Death penalty is defined by mistake.
In every nine people, it has identified one that is innocent and liberated from the death of death.
A error rate -- amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you will never be allowed to ever draw airplanes if in every nine that you saw, you would be starting.
But somehow we take away from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with student history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time he started at the end of the reconstruction and he lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be limited.
They worried about being bombs.
The threat of terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks -- it makes speeches specifically, God to the people who stop saying that in our history we are first trained for the first time with terrorism, after 1329.
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism went on, obviously, with secretary and decades of racial and separation seasons.
In this country, we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs work to talk about race, I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a truth and reconciliation process.
In South Africa, people understood that they could not overcome racial security without a truth with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to listen to what you say."
Air, we have no death penalty in Germany.
We could never be able to have it here.
The room was sitting in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we can ever be able to have the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we were trying and depressed, and we got to run people?
Think about this.
How are we going to feel in a world where a nation like Germany, electronic to people, especially if they were mostly Justine?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this description.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these difficult issues, positive things and wonderful things are, yet they implicated them.
We love innovation.
We were fascinated by technology. We have the creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are concerned by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
Last we talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedicated to the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of our being.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
It's about creativity, with creativity. Developing is not just the brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas as well as heart conventions.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and disappointment, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valence Hans, the great child leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the opportunity, we have all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and being designed.
Well, that orientation for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, which is still in communities like TED, should be empowered.
There is no description with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to excellence, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it back.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Park.
These women come together just to speak.
Occasionally, the lady Carter called me to say, "Let's come the lady Park. We're going to meet you to speak.
Do you want to come and listen?
I said, "I'm lady. I do want to."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you go?
I said, "Staying it."
So I went and just heard them.
It was very embarrassing, very inspired.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Paris went to me and said, "Oh, Brown, I mean it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do?
And I started to give my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the instruction.
We try to help those who have been convicted indigenous.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the lives of life, without parole.
We're trying to do something about death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with massive agriculture.
I gave all my best speech, and when I ended up looking at me and said, "It's Mac Mandela?
And I added "the angel shot and so forgiveness."
At that time, Ms. Carl included, put the finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very, very brave.
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is superior to the worst thing we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a letter.
Even if someone kills another one, it's not that it's a market.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
It's not.
I really think that in many parts of the other parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic. Very beautiful, very inspired, very state, we won't judge us for our technology, for our designs or our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, they judge the character of a society, not because of the way the rich and powerful and privileged rich, but in the way they treat the poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
In occasions, I feel delight. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
He was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been convicted with a lot of double.
I go to jail and I see my customers from 13 and 14 years old, who have been skills for them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to somebody who isn't it?
The judge spreads it as adults, but I see a child.
One night I was very late to think about -- by God, if the judge can become something that you're not supposed to have magic powers.
Yes, Brown, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think of it properly, but I started working on a machine.
I had a 14 year-old client -- a little, poor, black.
I started working on the machine, with an approach that said, "Let's so that my black client of 14 is treated as a 75-year-old privileged white white white white white?
In the movement I put in the movement that had been linked in the application, in the police behavior and in the process.
There was a line stuck about how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics there.
To the next morning, I woke up thinking that movement would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it redefined, but I had sent it to the cutting side.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh, God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really sheep, approved.
I went in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and basically.
I finally come back from the car. I walked to the court.
I was coming up the stairs when I met a larger black man, was the conversation of the court.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer, he said, "It's going to be a lawyer." I said yes.
And so I get married and heard me.
And I stand in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was vaccinating.
That is deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this movement oxygen."
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me, and we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all independent.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came to the police physiology, the cybercriminals.
All of a sudden, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of us are familiar because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eyes of the eye he went to see the consequence that he was going and came out.
I would look at the window and reach out all that graduate.
I kept walking up here and in there.
Finally, this old black black, with a concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge had a recession.
During the decline an assistant of the algorithm, it showed up because the consequence had entered the room.
The asset will come down on the old black black.
He said, "Look, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood on his feet, looked at the subject, looked at me and he said, "I've got this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view on the goal with formulas."
I have come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we can't really be truly human evolution if we don't care about human rights and by dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fractions and compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the goal with firm.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a evidence of the audience, in this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference, this spring in which you will make a effort to collect the funds that you spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of homicide cases don't fit in arrests.
57 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity for change.
This reference, it's going to propose that these funds are distributed to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in criminals in the United States, over the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you tell those who believe it is?
BF: In fact, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increases in the Cartesian population.
And we let us convince the representation of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people in a perpetual chain -- to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making it reveal those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brown, you have been excited today today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for the death of Bin Laden.
Lawy 2: Hamalier in Somalia, Latin 3: The police threw O.C.
Announcer: Launch 4: False streams. Announcer: Lockeer 5,000 cross-there offspring.
Launch 6,000 social decentrality. Social decompioning.
Launch 8, tsunami, the tsunami altered, Latin nine, Chicago.
Several logical logistics. War to the narrative, mass destruction, Tom.
Recession Bangladesh.
Critics. Death Death.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds. These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, Shanghai could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media press means to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of our senses, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called an ancient.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories of stories are going to be looking at the negative.
That old series of the press, "If there's blood and sells it, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news at seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising to be pedestrian.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe instead what happens is we get districts.
Perhaps the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction and water scarcity and energy, no doubt we have.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing problems, and on the long time, we end up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, the average income per capita capita per capita has tripled.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
Also, the cost of food and electricity and transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinkom showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we continue to get higher expectations and extremely.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America, most of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, replacements, mobile phone, air conditioning and cars.
The magnetic magnets in the past century of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of luxury things.
And by supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately -- its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that I put in information technology jumped on this curve, Moore's Law, and double price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and between.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's grateful in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Australia called infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distributed personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, the digital medicine, the nanotechnologists and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in "Jeopardy" from Washington?
It was file.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one: "Hello selling human opposition?
Jefferson is not an easy game.
I play with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Silicon University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and, in particular, how can they use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can actually affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single status of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that thing that is scarce, and it will become plentiful again.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Native IMF in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invite the king of Simon.
The Natasha troops eat with silver, and the same Native National career covered with gold.
But the king of Silence, eating with aluminum shell.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it was worth more than gold and plastic.
So the tip of the Montana to Washington is release.
You see, even though the aluminum is 8,500 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metaphor.
It's tied by oxygen and synthetics.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap we used it as if it was delivered.
We projected this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet ground for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 minutes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scale, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the disease generated -- nine rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that in the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity would cost six cents a kilometer per hour compared to 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have abundance abundance we also have water abundance too.
Now let's talk about the wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sancal pointed out the spacecraft Voyager to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn.
It was a famous picture. How is it called the called?
"A pale blue dot."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97, it's water water, two percent is ice, and we fight by the 0.5 percent of the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology, the nanotechnologists.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the brain -- I would like to share with you, I gave me permission to do it, his technology called Silvant -- they already know it, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any source -- sales, water water, a latrine.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a lot of confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola implemented it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that dough warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, with a smart cell cell phone, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that no one could have ever predicted before.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- -- HIV, video, images of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now decodes and lose market value with the mobile phones.
Maybe you get the best when you get your health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Queen State -- something called the X Prize Translation Transition, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams in the world so that they combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk to, and because he has AB: they can fly, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where death load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device is a virus of RNA or DNA virus that I don't recognize -- to call the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion increasing.
The white lines here are the population.
So we just passed the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to fold to the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds have never heard of the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And you get more health from the transition, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of the impressions in 3D, and the computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you provide us three billion more members of human health and productive healthcare."
How about voices never before?
What if we give them the opposition, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What do these three billion do?
And if they're contributions that we can't predict ...
One thing I learned with the X prize is that a small team of teams is that you get a little bit of your passion with a clear goal, you can do extraordinary things, things that you could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you may know.
It's called Fortune.
It emerged at Washington University, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's really important in medical research.
And so far, it was a super-consumer problem.
They've played with this university professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it has shown that today the machinery of human pattern recognition is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the brain.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that are joined to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the corruption of the portion point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
Maybe they believed penises personally, but it wasn't like that.
He actually raised fish.
And I described one of them as very "money?
It was the way.
I found it a lot to the 1930s.
Now the fish is on the Red list of the U.K.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have a special thing.
But the case is that we still came to the Galapagos.
We still think they're primates.
Farmers still say they keep intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the discovery of the waist.
Because I was there in 1987 studying a record in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The record was surrounded by paintings, and, as you can see, a few manipulations.
There was a thumb of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar.
And the fishing of this trailer was very abundant and went through a good moment, so it was won over the middle in Ghana.
When I went down there 27 years later the amount of fish had halved.
They would make the five centimeters marriage.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish still were happy to be there.
So, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was embedded in the introduction of the gun fishing in the Asian Asia.
In the 1970s, in the 1970s, Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was going to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly -- is called the Muslim 4.
I was going to fish in it, and we were doing studies in the South Sea Sea, and most of all, in the Sargasso Sea.
What we captured there was something indigenous.
We captured now, now I know the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spirits, other animals who are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs on a few resources, remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quick.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid full of white coral, in this case, to be a limitation.
This is a dead dead.
They didn't eat them. They were delivered because they were dead.
Once we captured a alive.
I was still not driving.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time you go to a zone where you've never fish.
But it's not done.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of party, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If you generalize this happens something like this.
On the axis and we have good things, biological amounts of order, the verb of the country, water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images coming back to the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the emergence of change.
And at the end of it keeping some remains missions.
And that, in great measure, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when sports societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before it was extremely frequently.
You don't lose ancient animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sea they follow big fish.
They become little frequent because we find them.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And I'll do it because the evidence present in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence to expect.
So for example, the anecdote that some of them would show -- like a captain as a matter of a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually not using the scientists in the fishing -- because it's not "the "disaster?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instant societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge paper that can take a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really take back the past.
We come back the past that people can't conceive because the score point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that they provide -- which allows them to erase their game point.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access because they don't have access to the Middle West, for example?
I think there the arts and the cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chile Bay.
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chinese Bay, 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that the materials and the tons are like "Standard together."
And if you think about "Standic if you think about why people are running with the movie -- and I would talk about the story of Polione, why would they match images?
Because I choose something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one who will give, is Cameron -- to make "It II I will underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allende, the YouTube trends manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why the videos are made viral and what importance has that.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- sands, commanders, comments. When I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper covers in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
More than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite of visits and gains cultural movement.
How does that happen?
Three things: trade creatures, participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's go.
Bern Bangladesh. Oh my God. Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Shakespeare, guide.
KA: Last year, Ken Vienna published this video film outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproductions in the police floor of last summer.
Berkeley doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Bombanza Mountain Berk.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimba.
Jimmy Kimba published this area that called the video to the police.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kimba presented new things and interesting things to a wider audience.
Republican Black --  It's Friday, Friday -- you've got to start the Friday --   Everyone wants to get the weekend.   You all want to get a weekend.   Voices, Friday Friday, they started the Friday --  KA: I wouldn't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"The of Republican Brother is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "The Doug It's Howard Doug, this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other screens, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday view."
Well, I took it together, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, by Mission Science Thampin, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of transportations will adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerate the process.
So, this community of people who share this big inner joke then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parts of "Tenderness, in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the university entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon proposition or doing something new with that.
"The Caterlian" is an active animation with a musician at a time.
That's this thing. That's it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the current Internet community.
There was remote.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we have to participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "the double book or Republican Black or "A Cance?"
What a guide could have written that contained this situation?
In a world in which two days of video per minute, just that truly unique and unexpected thing can be destroyed in the way that these things have been done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a kind that protest against cycles in New York, admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nigeria, I was going to be inspired by the biomimicry but often there are obstacles that prevent you properly by biomimicry.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Nigeria made that five million people saw and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Berkeley Bangladesh. What does this mean?
Oh oh Ohio.
KA: What does this mean?
Transparency creators -- creative communities of participation, totally unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media -- of a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines politics.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Birds, started in YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, which are just the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still originally.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities go into Sander, they manage the fact that their life had been completely in vain.
The words, for so many friends, now they sell.
It goes back in the silence.
He died in history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in the way, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply it, but we would support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat of a sheet of a staircase straight into the sea.
My mother, May, was only 18 years old when his father died, and a mountain went up and two small girls.
For her, life had gone to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four years of foot that challenges fiction fiction, a boat goes down to the disguised sea of fishing flight.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pilots, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a phrase with poison.
If you capture us, we first took my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, proposed to each wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were angry with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine died and couldn't be able to run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried -- given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we discovered in Media.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fortual, a subject of the operating class whose population is made of immigrants together.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence was in Fortune, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were from the rest of the world.
And the fragile English fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title at TED.
We were poor.
All the dollars were associated, and they established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take out, which was generally new clothes, was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tomorrow, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird songs and painful the "search designing and some graphic, "Hey, come home."
home, where?
Something in me is employed.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was existed every night, but we told us about our day, and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered mountains, all of the ship.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be statistics and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and individuals, and translation kids trapped between two worlds.
They looked at subsidies and protections.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic astrolabe student, implanted with what I demand from myself.
In the other, I was embedded in precisely life, tragic lives by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian of the year.
And I was called a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Lebanon, the anonymous resident of Fortual, was now so Lady, refugee and social activity, invited to speak in places I had never heard of name, and in houses whose existence had never imagined.
I didn't know prototypes.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to remove the routine and the comfort of life in an identical suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters end up the day as they did for almost 20 years -- we told about the day of each one and burning asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got up to the boat.
The "No, I had never been an option.
"Hey, she said, "You're not what it is."
So I talked about drug and education and determination to marines and desperate.
And the more frankly, the more I talked about, the more it was request to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my liberal, I realized I couldn't stay in a goal of lawyers.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time it's okay to be a unknown, a newly new one, new on the scene -- and not only okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean collecting the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your process.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world goes down, but not the way we fear.
We possibility that they hadn't been allowed to be allowed to be also alien alien.
There was an energy there, a massive optimism mix of humility and valves.
So I kept my intuition.
I went to a little group of people who the slogan "You can't do it, it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a dime for a year.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We were working on the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up step.
It took the decision to move to the United States.
And after a single journey.
My hunters again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and the adventure kept going.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where the Conference was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who mattered it.
Life had not changed by centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was collapsed.
At the age of 17, it became a concert of a Mandela whose mother was driving.
No support of his husband, he caused a sign when they disappear and bring the cause herself and much more reduce when he won.
He can't make it short to be wrong.
He was in the shower in a hotel in Syria when she died, 1,000 miles in Media.
I looked through the shadow of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to determine.
My mother called minutes later.
Day later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fortual and we sat around his attack.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night, a monk came up and told us I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why are your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold, so cold both?
"Because you've taken your hand from tomorrow, he said.
"They haven't said.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life forms us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that for right?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, supposed to be brave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you, it would do it.
Tradic New News and also the mother of so much is today, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story begins in Raispace about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Mount Allende.
We were coming out of how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian empathy.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we save the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Arabic, the great pressure warrior Indian -- it was since, it took an arc and with a sweet on the ground, I got water.
Now we do the same with balloons and machines.
The conclusion we took out was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that makes me strong.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a candy if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't hurt my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his police plate release.
And this 50 year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of piles and nanoparticles in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They come up with our inspiration.
And so I launched myself to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
With the text with the image, animation and sound and touch.
The storytelling becomes increasingly multiplexing.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khalium, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I have your fingers about every light."
And so --  says, "This box is being on there? I write my name.
And so I turn a character of the book.
And in many moments I get a poster -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- which comes straight to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas we opened out of children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar always turned out to me.
So, over here, we have to include the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, you lit your way into what you read from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a child was that all of a galaxy went into a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a button that I would drag into this magical device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book, there have always been maps but they've been massive maps.
This is a map that grows and flowed and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another really important aspect for me is to create Indian content and context.
These are the passwords.
We've all heard of the sticks and the nice, but how many people outside of India know their Indian contradictions, the applications?
These poor paradoxical populations have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current topics as the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, and they have not gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of steps, of steps, stones and complaint and courses.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out, and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then take it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a cloud and says, "Oh, today I saw a cloud."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey?
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken off.
Within the combination of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book we have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video goes up and through augmented reality, you see a group of animals that appear on the interior plants of the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and solve it so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are entropy with technology and magic and technology is closer to each other.
We leverage the energy from the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of embarrassing projects.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the Radio University was to describe a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she turned a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known. What happens?
"How can we help us?"
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all of us, but most of the pressures of embarrassing failure, because we stopped listening.
This is my blog Withous school. It's a very simple thing.
It has a line of turn and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect it, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him, too. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same moment when I need a heart assistance or some urgency of that style -- but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connected my partner, Withat and before I came up to my car, people start talking, Louise, today I think you need a living lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little basically connected to an iPhone or a device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share them with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, and they go back to the control of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges we face, like the firing of the cost of media attention, the dopamine of demand and other issues.
They will do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by comparisons.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video.
We all have control control in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the car workers are in Magazine.
And where all the catastrophes are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest the cell to help this patient?
We asked but no one dreams.
Nobody knew where to get the Dental saving lives right now.
And what we did was we made the Country Carbage.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to be able to see a Detroit, please send up, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office tables and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an application for Lab, reality, to find these Desocrachs.
And every time you're in the city of Machiparan and someone collapse. You can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your Microsoft cell to find the cell closer, what you can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like Deep, which is the name of the product, but also like Denmark.
And we want to start globally.
We're building all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the collaboration of the Design around the world.
Every time you're in vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these Design.
You could be a message service or a phone people, for example, to see if the Design is still in its place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it a photographing prostate?
Because, of course, they're photographs that they can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years old.
It was mixed with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because when we used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the computer.
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the computer.
Photos like this, a building in a very tragic road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, keep a level of reality.
Or pictures like these, dark and colorful, but with the common goal of maintaining the level of reality.
And when I say realists, I say photographs.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
pictures where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more than to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look like?
Is it the details or the colors."
Is the light?
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imaginary objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still looks 3D, as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we embrace the brain because the brain doesn't really accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic I think are those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to get realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these requirements were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect whole.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I might think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island to look more Sweden.
So in order to get a realistic result I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a background, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a career mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of Rick microbloggers versus the power of local area.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many other people we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude in the sentence scale.
Speaking of technology with self-controlled curves is a novel thing.
This is something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I need more intense because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales, locally.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some time unit -- and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to graduate -- the diagram would be a ridiculous thing.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot -- for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a separate curve.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will move as fast as the microbial past morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But you don't move to that rhythm.
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a performance growth that every few years ahead of magnitude.
The question I want to show is: Look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve. I know this until something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that I adopted the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember that the future was happening in 2000 and people used to talk about what happened in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk. year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
And we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extracting what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that transition be experienced.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at long-term things.
The scale of time I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If you look at the way that chemicals organize we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it's that, at that time, I'd float some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside its inside.
Some of those oil droplet drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them increase materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started divine.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil guns.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random chemical recipe of chemicals.
And every time you divide it into an unequal distribution of the chemicals that you get.
So every node was a little bit different.
In fact, the drops that somehow will differ being better at the time of incorporating chemical chemicals -- they grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented by it.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick.
In some ways we didn't understand these guns learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, it would be expanded in this non-violent evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that the writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbial dust that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it continues? It took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this, and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments and expanding it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot of people for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If you were a play I would have put it into a virus and I would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy about another billion years.
But then another big interesting step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, I evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them apart to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they were being formed in a way that they were together in that, and they set up a synapse.
In that way they survived or failed together, whatever if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were going to replicate more and they were favorite by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities were approaching so much that, in fact, and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multi-to-four communities, communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-to-four community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act anymore.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart of the heart, or the of the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels that the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of regime, understanding and transmitting information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary period of time.
So an organism could, for example, learning how to eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system is building these accelerated information structures that are extremely an evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in my head.
I'm sitting here by setting up a few grandchildren and hopefully building a similar idea, vacuum and confusion, in his heads that I have a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turned it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
Now we go through periods similar to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
Television, computer, video tape, the Chile, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that led us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Evolution can happen in microscope.
You already saw the evolutionary example of Tom in which they produced some evolution with the Convention program, in our eyes.
And now we have accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages -- the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process remains, I guess that intelligence is the right word to name something that affects its own change rate.
The more changes, the faster it does it.
And I think that's what we see in this exposure of the curve.
We see the process returns up.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design us would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thomas Machua, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not be able to before, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I set up methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microscope.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computers, you can run a hundred million sequences of instructions at the risk?
Could you run these sequence of instructions at random, execute all those programs, and take those who are more like what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are most about to make numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, we hate numbers, so none of them did it.
But one luckily, luckily, could put two numbers on the right order.
And I said, "You know, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?
We keep those and we remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that make the numbers better.
And we would play it back to a process of recording an analog to the sex.
We take two programs, which are going to make children, that exchange subsidies, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process?
Car again.
I introduced some mutations to me.
And I try and try and talk to another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that produce numbers in absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze it to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But it turns out the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depended on it.
I once went in a 747 with Margaret Minister and he pulled a card and he says, "Look this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel transition?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we began to depend on computers to make design processes different design.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much faster quickly.
So it is residents.
The thing goes faster, and that's why I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are supported.
We are defended.
And we are at an analog moment to the unit organisms when they become multiple.
We're the animals, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what's coming from.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've cut enough time to allow me to spend part of my fake pressure in that.
Before the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World World.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about getting "The Rios" talking about statistics and using them to form a big baseball team.
I would focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battlefield.
And we talked about 300 of a barrier that has 300 dollars.
That means that baseball baseball effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being transmitted, and that anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base -- not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three tries 10.
Do you know how to call a 300 year-old battlefield.
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what they call a baseball battlefield.
By the way, that's somebody who was 10 percent, access four.
Learning, like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League of Boston to execute 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose that they have advances and they're depressed to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent of a report of advances.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now you assume that they live in a place away, and a loved self has two outdated coronary arteries and his family doctor does it to a cardiologist whose record in ancient is 200 percent.
But do you know something?
She's better at this year.
And their advances have been 25.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or a collaborator or a gentleman or a gentleman obsession?
1,000.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the adverse of a good surgeon, a doctor or a present.
What we do, though, is to send it to the world, and I included, with the manual of being perfect.
You know, you never, ever make a mistake and you are able to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I looked at when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
One time, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test.
Such of it.
I studied in my little design, at the General General hospital meeting of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything of memory.
Out of my kind of anatomy market, the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the sidewalk, the distributed differential diagnosis and the non-lethal difference.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify kidney subsidized airplane.
And while so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very well, I graduated with honor.
And you get from the school of medicine with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because so I care about mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Dragon.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when I brought the Eric Draw to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the service service.
And when you have a solution to be able to look at a cardiologist I used to attend that patient.
They report to the head of residents.
When I saw the Lead Dr. I was making a male.
I heard a solved sound.
And when I ample it, I heard a sound that was taken on both sides -- what I would indicate a conventional heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of breaking the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
He gave him astronomy and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
He gave him diagnose, pillars of water, so he could eliminate liquid to me.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I made the first mistake, he sent her home.
It actually eats two more mistakes.
He sent her back home without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and make it with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to get completely information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that I committed was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner inside that he said, "Oh, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Dr. "Do you think it's okay if you go to your home?"
And the nurse thought and then said with total natural, "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high one, and the ambulance along with the paradoxical parades took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad present in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I went up to leave the hospital and walk into the parking parking party where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something I don't normally do.
It went through the emergency service service home.
And there another nurse, not that I care about Mr. Dragon before, but another one, I was told three words -- those three words that most emergency medical emergency doctors.
Other specialists are afraid too, but there is a participation in emergency and is that we see the patients.
The three words are. Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"You know, she came back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
In the course of an hour of having come to his house, after I gave him the high one, he suffered a collapse and his family called 93, the paradoxical parades were brought to emergency with a 50 centimeter blood pressure of HIV, which means a severe shock.
They were barely breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff hits all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was finishing and rocked to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stability was in intensive therapy and waiting against everything that was recorded.
And in the next two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family gathered together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let her go. Mrs. Dragon, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks -- I was struck by it and experiment for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt lonely, and I didn't feel that blood shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is what makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I am sure that I suffer things and make sure that I don't stop.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my gently the thing? Why did he send her back to his house?
And in my worst moments, why do I make a mistake so stupid ...
Why I chose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was disappeared.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened the sky, and he finally came out the sun and asked me if I was feeling better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I reduced the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes -- it would be to hold those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and an accurate.
And he was sitting here.
He looked at his throat -- he was a little color.
He was presented by penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he walks to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard shift, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And do the three words: Remember you?
Remember the patient he saw by a pain in the cardboard?
So he came back and he didn't have a strategic training.
He had a potentially deadly impact called employees.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He was fortunately, he didn't fail.
You get antibiotics for you to get involved in the few days.
And they put the same period of shame and replacement, then I was relieved and went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same stream of urgency, not diagnosis diagnosis.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because 14 patients are associated at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation here.
He ordered a radio radio, but it turned out normal, a colleague that was checking on the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right pilot and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to recover and I asked my colleague to get it.
I checked it, and when you noticed some sensitivity in the lower right, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was started to me.
But I'd like to tell you that it eats the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bird.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just advanced and no support.
And here's the problem, if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so that they don't eat the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party I heard about the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a traditional traditional teacher in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that are pretty much results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take out of medicine to people who make mistakes, will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years a lot of diffusion and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical practice and medical printers to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toril Toran to my program, "Come Cole," Black Art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are uniform.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one of every 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or demonstration is not right. In a system where institutional infections are increasingly more and more, and more numbers, causing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 candidates die in this country, avoiding medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it is about a beautiful student, because we're not getting the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The dream of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, come up with cold eyes and close to alcohol and suddenly my story is taken out of contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't represent their symptoms always the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not to get anybody.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their own most strongly.
In my program, "The white artist art -- it's a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake -- I would tell everybody, from the paradoxical to the heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah, "What are your mistakes? And steer the microphone to them."
And their students would stop, they remained, they go down the head and they swallow and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share it.
You want to be able to say, "Look, you don't eat the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a medical medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The medical medical doctor is human known -- it's known -- it accepted it, and it doesn't be proud of their mistakes, but it's been used to learn what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
He pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a love way and support for everybody to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that humans are going to address the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every once in the time.
My name is Brian Guardia.
I'm a medical doctor.
I'm a human, I made mistakes.
And I feel a lot of it, but I am so excited to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to choose an average American, are about 70 a day.
Not much ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies of business.
The researchers recorded the different tasks involved by these executives and the time they were involved in making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, it was done by 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every work included many minimums.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent took an hour or more than their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many they belong to nine minutes, and how many of the hours of a hour?
How do you calculate the way that those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current today, choose to pick up the options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive, please get a picture.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the option survey.
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at the University of Stanford, they were growing this very, very high level, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Dr. Drawing.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different classes of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the extremely extremely extremely extremely extremely extracting water. And this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but in a occasion, I asked me, why never buy anything?
This is the stream of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that they come from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and I said, "Do this strategy to offer all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists who came up every day, usually with his cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with memories. This is the one.
Hall.
They had 350 different classes.
We installed a post to decrease, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six penicists, or of 24 different flavors and looked at two things: First of all, what happened people were willing to stop to test the memory?
More people would stop when there was 24, 60 percent that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a member of memory.
Here we find the opposite effect.
The ones who stopped when there was 24 percent, only three percent came to buy memories.
The ones who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of buy memories.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy memories if they found six, than if they were 24 percent.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memories probably to us.   -- less is good to keep the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choice of choices affects us in a very momentous decision.
We decided not to decide, even though this is not convinced by us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Switzerland, love Katrina and West Jane, where we looked at the decisions of savings for about a million Americans, from about 600 plans of this country.
We are interested in looking at if the number of funds are available in savings plans for retirement.
And we found that there was actually a correlation in real correction.
We had 65 plans that were going from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the opposite funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate rate goes down to 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were affected by avoiding actions or investment.
As much more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are what we reward to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, which will apply it even when this is going against the interest itself.
They're more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfied, even though they are obviously going better.
The main reason is that we are going to be able to look at that gigantic variety of mothers, mustard and violent and memory, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that awesome exhibit exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we have tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse in their business.
The first is, Columbia.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than more.
People always bother when I say, "Come on."
They worry about losing space in the analogy.
But actually what we're seeing and more and more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange reductions, there will be an increase in the sales -- going down the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Protocol & Gamble went from 26 different guys from Heisenber & Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the government Google Cater removes the products for dancers that are less sold, they increase the uses in 87 percent, two causes -- greater sales and lower costs.
You know that today's supermarket today, on average, is 45,000 products.
In a shop of Warwintune you offer about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the world is Albert and offering only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato sauce on it.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is David Lakes, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically increased to a life insurance fund.
Who really want to pick up, you offer 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
These are all important choices.
And the first thing I do is ask employees to say, "We are the differences that are between those options.
And if their employees can't difference, they can't be able to do their clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garder.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a holiday with all paid the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a app if you're ready to take the supply of Garder.
(Audience applies? Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Are they not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think it actually reaches more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round than in the second, but I can embrace and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it a lot more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices of choices that is Congress.
So people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very fast, very concrete ways.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when you use debit cards or credit than when you use effective effects?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Sex Benjamin and Amypounding President, about American staff, who worked at AMA, these people were in a meeting where they were affecting a 404 plan.
And that meeting, that we built exactly as we used it, we made a little addition.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the partners of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Wells supermassive supermassive supermarkets, the magazine exhibition can contain from 335 different guys to 666.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish me.
These are two jewelry exposures.
One is called "The One and the other one and the other?
If you think the one on the left is Switzerland, and the one on the right is Jack, it took a picture.
(Music applies? Well, there are some people.
If you think the one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Switzerland, it gives a picture.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Switzerland. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
Categories have to indicate something to you to choose, not to what defines them.
You can often see this problem with these huge fundraising.
Who was supposed to be informed?
My fourth category, Conference complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think about, if we just simplify a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision, buy it from a car.
This is an German manufacturer of cars that allows us to personally personally.
You have to take 60 decisions, to bring the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motion, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from many options -- 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many choices.
And what am I going to look at.
How involved you are.
If you are always active in every decision, it indicates you're opened up, or you're losing them.
We found that those who go from many options at a few choices: they make the button for defect over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you continue there.
The same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which the information was presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to pick up.
Even though they choose the box of change -- not say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more composed with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choices, cut, eliminating weird alternatives, concentration, making it real. Carbonate, we can handle more categories with less options.
All these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better, to use them in their issues, or for the people who are going.
It's that I think the key to getting the best thing in a choice is being careful to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '70s, in the Congress East Common, if you had a writing machine I had to register it to the government.
He had to record a text text leaf with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that somebody could do this, so much that it limited the freedom of expression.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own of one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can climb the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the circulations.
Like Mr. Diaran Gulf in the city of Kyoto, in Ukraine.
The cell cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyber to make a lot of money, so much money.
There are really many cases of military online, multi-minutes who gain money with their attacks.
This is Veronica Tests, from Tamil, State.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Birl Sandy.
These are Matthew Anderson, Taries Alzheimer's etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online forces online, but they do it by illegal media trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this lady Sam Jack, and this account was 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jack was supposed to be destroyed by his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is victim of a circumstance of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is from bad at worse.
In the future, most of the crimes would happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them, they motivate them, they motivate them the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have destroyed in the last 12 months occupy a broken role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Diamond.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Dicking is an authority of the Central countries or actually it was.
I declared the last fall because of a salaria.
They took the safety of the site and they would lose a cybercriminal.
Last week I asked myself, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were looking at platform death of people because of the attack to Digeria.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certainty.
What are the characteristics for?
Well, you need if you have a website with history, services including SETI and services like Guamem.
Except that they integrated a foreign certified authority.
And they emit additional certificate.
And in the case of Dimitable happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters were saving the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the course of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this cartoon called "The "Computer?
And within that folder, there were notes from a solar company in Germany who had sold the tools of tools that are tools to intercept the communications of the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool by 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The bottom of the company is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple weeks ago, he found the Scotta's translator, a treasure used by official government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you are suspended in a crime case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
You get the connection to the Internet.
They use even tools like Scotta's tragedy to infect our computer with a train to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions online, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be a bad thing, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why do you worry about?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not arguing out.
It's not a question of the privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right we solve today, will be forever.
Are we blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that should be concerned about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park Park.
Nairobi National Park has no fences in most of south, which means that wild animals like the minister migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like the lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one that they killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead I felt very bad because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the masses -- we think we can look at the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up to hate the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think it's so few in the National Park Park.
A child in my community, six at nine years old, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that this is actually not going to be, because even helped the lions to see the state of far.
I didn't come back. It comes on.
A second idea was to use a speaker.
I tried to get the lions to think that it was near the state.
But lions are very smart.  They came the first day and they saw the spiral day, and they left, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move.  So they jumped out and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with an attack and that day, the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would put and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
Turn everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little individual box. I call it a transformation.
And the invisible box makes light short.
As you can see, the boats are going out of it, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when you come from night.
The lights flash and put the lions to think I'm walking down the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses get the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
And she had killed a lot of animals and I asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
They put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the entire Kenya, to scare other predators like hydrogen, leading, and also being used to spread elephants from the farms.
Thank you to this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, British International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise funding and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a kid in the shadows of the savanna named the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that someday I would be inside one.
And today I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become engineer of aviation and pilot when they grow.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving my father's cows and the lions -- we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Be closed. What in my language means, thank you.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship -- Richard Turing: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RSW: My next invention is, I want to make a close electricity. CA: A closed electric?
RSW: I know that electric clouds are already invented -- but I want to do mine.
CA: Now I tried it once, right? And you -- Rith -- Richard, I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a hot.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turing, you're a big thing.
We are going to animate on every step that you do, my friend.
Thank you very much. Right. Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Don't engage No."
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spend all the time studying the story of Kim Angry, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, are the enemies.
Although sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I was going to spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from the colleague of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existed in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last couple weeks.
We are recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die.
He was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At little time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbed in their arms looking at the face of his mother without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine rise to North Korea in the middle of the 1970s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during hunger, and only few survived the password and insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts -- all of my surrounding was completely at night at night except by the sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the America River, which is a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very upset in certain points, allowing the Norway to secretly cross secretary.
But many people die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I left North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of starvation I was sent to China to live with distant particles.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would like as a reduction refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because Norway refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
And so I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to an awful destination.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was introduced in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being normal, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be entropy and professional.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer told another one, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Norways in China look for asylum.
But many people can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These normal Koreans didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, including Norways are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape -- many other Koreans have not had so much lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be held in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea, it was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We're all Koreans, but in fact, we've got to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even put a crisis of identity.
Am I suffering or normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country that I could call with pride my pride, right?
Although I would adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan, I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when they began to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities are going to go through some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a location in the outside.
They had to dream immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I fell into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide it, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
One time, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of all, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, he implemented my foot and told him that they were super-constructed people who were saying.
I looked sustainable, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way to the Law border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Late.
But even after the border passed, my family was arrested and managed to cross the illegal border.
After paying muscles and soldiers, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Louis capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison prison from the South Korean embassy of South Korea.
I was going and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or museums.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about questions.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the ATM heat and gave me the rest of the money for my family and to other two normal trainings and take them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me?
"I don't help you." He told me.
"I'm going to help the North village?
I realized that this was a symbolic moment in my life.
The kind of smart unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and the Norway village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are actually the hope rays that the Norway village needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of novelts are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, labor practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky -- I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more normal transportations around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Center.
This is Center South, light stores, fast food, stock ground.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles -- as if this will fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  Tests of light food, fast food, stock ground.
Like 24 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center South, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to bring more people than food in the car.
People are dying with curable diseases in Los Angeles South America.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of your house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I look at chains of buying wheels and sold as a car car.
I see diabetes coatish centers like Stanford.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes of anger and back to buy a apple that doesn't have pesticides in it.
What I did, it was planted a food forest in front of my house.
On a fragment of land we call a slave.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes me in winning, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, LG: Green Grandish, we went together and we started planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by advanced compounds of all the processors, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone was cut.
The city got up to me and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden -- the cyber was made by player.
And I was like, "Come on, really?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one does it matter?  So I was like, "Well, lead it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
LT: Times had the story written by Steve Louis, and I talked to the council and one of the members of Greg Grandish, who put a petition in Charling, with 900 signatures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concert even called to say that they were reserved and adopted what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more bad bases.
It's 68 miles from bare terrain.
That's the equivalent of 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why don't the hell look good for you?
They will grow a plant to give a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar dolphin will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my hypersender, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
Curious your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I was just part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The regiment is my graph, I grow my art.
As an artist of fall, which is underground walls, I was leading up, souls, shells.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and plants and trees, are my body border.
You're surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how they affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how they affect kids.
The regiment is the most therapeutic and processed act that you can do, especially in a brain.
Also, they get frustrations.
I remember a occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like the 1990, in the night and they were in my garden. He went out and looked very significant.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "You don't fear people will steal your food?
I say, "Well, God no, I don't fear that you will steal it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at turn, I want you to shake your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was sharing his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grand has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We have had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat cold.
If you grow tomorrows, eat tomorrow.  But if nothing is taught to you, if you don't teach them how the food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind people what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck in. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, who don't take them nowhere.
With the slide, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are coming out of their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You might produce the next George Washington Carbon.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to bring containers and turn it into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to try to work people out of the street -- they know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become entrepreneurial revolutions, commercials, flatters and commons.
We have to change the script of what's a commercial.
If you're not a garden, you're not a commercial.
That the commercials take their room right?
That is their choice of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to look at me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit, to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see, they come to the garden with their leg so we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience noises)    You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of spinal, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you know.
And especially if you go into your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make strength rates.
The post-conflict standard, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the water of rain flow up to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they don't save water again.
Noise also disappears in these pores as well.
Because it's very high, the whole noise disappears, so it's a very silent road.
It also has despair, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is to deliver? You see that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, and so on, and then -- and then -- and then you can give that.  But you can hurt your windshield and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create boats with that.
Oh, he's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage is on this material.
It's a post-conflict seat, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advertising between the stones of the stones.
Because of the interaction, to the U.S. -- to the oxytocin, this advance, this injury, the glue between the rides, includes it, and if it picks up, they will be microbes and get rid of the addings.
So if you drive through the road, you will take the addings out, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about prosperity materials.
If we can make this material automatically, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean streets, and we can cut the steel wool in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the challenge.
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an industry machine.
Now industry can heat up, especially the steel -- it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt your own, the forest flow by these microscopes, and the stones are going back to the surface.
Today I use a military oven, because I can't bring the great industrial machine here on the stage.
The mixed of microwave is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take you to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tested a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it to try it.
So they took us a piece of roads, 400 meters of the August August, where we had to do a trial cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We did the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we took them back then with our industrial machine and we repeated them and we would test them again.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've done a material using steel fibers -- including these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface -- they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to grow first before you can show it how repair it is.
But I'm going to do an attempt to do.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the lab in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in her face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed.
"The Taliban were to go to the grassland my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was taken out of Afghanistan and made illegal girls going to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to listen to my older sister -- that I could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could be able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could get to where we go.
We had to hide the books in the market for them to look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 percent of us approved in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed by a week, because the Taliban survived.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would you be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were limited, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a temperature.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of an American property of Afghanistan, Institute where his daughter, my mother, went to school, and that's why her father stole him.
But my mother mother became teacher.
This is it.
They retire two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate their children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Oh, my daughter can lose everything you have in your life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to go on?
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the school, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find me here proud of graduate in Millerneo College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one that was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones in happiness.
He didn't only get away from my college degree, but I also know that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, and I took him down the streets of Kabul.
My family believe in me.
I dream large, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 100, a global campaign to educate women.
It's because of what Shakespeare colleagues, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite and still in front of a disabled opposition.
As AIDS. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than one month ago, he and his daughter went from Shanghai to his village, and, literally, they were getting killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, they're the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try to try.
"The note, if you will, he said, "But I didn't hurt the future of my daughter for your old old and removed ideas?
What I've noticed about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom transformations, there is a father who recognizes the value of his daughter and seeing that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they're often the first compelling intentions of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told, remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan is so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't take a lot -- after the retirement of the U.S.
But when I went back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that I encourage them, I see a primary future and a lasting change.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and inflationary possibilities -- and every day of SOPA will remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died on the exile. "Heli, resist Galileo. Forget him.
But you never become a Galapagos statistical revolution.
There have been almost two years since the liberal revolution inspired by the waves of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other village citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a farm day and start a revolution against the ticket of Gabby.
And we did, it was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the valley, they demanded the decline of the regime, they would be panicked by freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example by dealing with the British dictator of Galileo.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the trick.
However, Darwin left a heavy burden -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and season seeds.
For four decades, the signature regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral society moral structure.
Consciousness of devastation and challenges -- I've wanted to have a lot of other women, rebuild civil civil society, demand an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
There are roughly 200 organizations in Benjamin during the course of the Galapagos -- about 300 in Spanish.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the platform of Women Libya by peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate by the socioeconomic autonomy of the woman and our right of participation in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the president period, an environment that was increasingly polarized -- that moved from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
In time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, a little bit by little, the exhilaration of choices and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we would find news news.
One day we wake up with the news of the old mosques of mosques and Sufi tubes.
Another day I threatened with the news of the American ambassador, and the attack to the construction.
Another day we wake up with the news of the army official murder of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued lives of human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society, it was formed by a revolutionary mindset, and it gets more, and it has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the exclusion and the comfort became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the "surgeon cross-there and elections.
I'm here today to trust us that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections don't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society continues to be polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both for men like women, for women?
Perhaps what was missing wasn't just women, but women's values of compassion and mercy and inclusion values.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices, which only reinforce the polarization and the divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most that will need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of industrial agents and calling a anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and misery.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just a food, but also put the musical practice in place of shame, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately to reach peace.
Because peace has an altitude that tries to be intervention and alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real criminal.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to a version of the Koran Counter, paint, "is the word of God missing."
At the time, the word "country" -- which is known in all the overwhelming traditions -- has the same root in Arabic than the word "confusion? I would visualize the female and material, which adds to all of humanity that men and women, from which all tribes and all the people have started.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo that grows inside, the divine matrix of the global compassion all existed.
This is how we say, "My mercy.
This is how we say, "My mistake prevalence about my grass."
That they are all given the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an unusual question, which has an equally inequality answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that everybody does always, why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who was saying it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, nor expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just recorded at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in the journal Secretary.
I had my first apartment, my first green garden graduate American Ellianism, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul -- I kept my head with a pill, closed with barrier baseball.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "The Love Love," a psychological trap. I was enjoying love, where I fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am a limitation in English University of Harvard University, and I have a MBA on Martin Boof School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies from the "Patriotic 500 list of the Mosquito & Johnson, Leo Buria and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black job and I drove an English Angeles Minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all of the race, all the religions and the education levels.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interrupting and long duration or saying differently, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why domestic abuse is so disappointment.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was left with a man who was said, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by couples and boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I also went a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo on a cold and rain night of January.
I was sitting on my side in the subway of New York and started failing with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also released from a university of the Freder Leader and working on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me in that first was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed a little boy from the field.
I had big molecules like apples and a wheat weapon, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all over the beginning to put on a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved everything of me, which was smart, that I had gone to Harvard that I put passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And it was why it was that the liberation in that school pressure and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to sequence and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is insulation.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go back from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a "diamond love." I was entering a head in a physical and finance and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to.
And this is where you go into the scene those pills.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that site where I was supposed to feel so safe to be bought three pills.
One was in the car guide.
Another one is the dream under the pillow in our bed and the third always in their pocket.
And I said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pills were actually a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already serious danger.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we lived happily forever, because I loved him, and he was also going to love me.
And I was very, very arrested.
It just felt very upset by the wedding and by the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice as much in our mile moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that stole several times against the car sequence.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our mix moon, was raised by the traffic and threw a Big Mac free to the face.
Congo continued to paste one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought I was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or attendant at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease Control that every year 15 million children are mobile, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why am I left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
In contrast, I was a very strong woman, in love with a profoundly stable man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face their demonstrations.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just die?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a male.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after they stayed, because then the sheep has no longer to lose.
Other implications include the permanent action, even after the sheep has come back to handle -- density of financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to look at the victim and their children, who are normally forced by judges to spend a time with the man who pays their mother.
And yet, we still ask questions why don't it go?
I was able to leave, because of a last holiday supply that I sold my decision.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if I had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone to the world, to the police, my neighbors and my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stress victims as spiritual headlines, self-organizing women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people, it's a way to say, "The guilt is to stay on it, as if victims choose to be in love of men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "The love." I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also enjoying, who learned a basic lesson of what happened to them and that recovered their lives of joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I am actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a grand and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black job and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have never more, ever, it's a pile that would be able to pointing my head in hand of somebody who says that I want to want.
At this point, you are thinking, "Hi, that's fascinating or "The "Hello," and what stupid was, but all of this time, I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being malently or that they were from small or that they were abused to be abused themselves.
The marriage could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love looking at the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in the silence.
They have the power to end with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the machine to the light talking about her children, their coworkers of work, their friends and family.
And they were using their vision of survivors as fantastic and family people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene their climb and show victims a safe score.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello, I call myself Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate for 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now, there's an awkward tension in the room because it shouldn't have dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first round shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to be able to present.
If some of the women were horrified when they appear -- they don't have to tell me now, but they find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tables are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you do nothing while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also superstar.
I've completely changed what they thought about myself in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would take the back and turn the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial charity like the one I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although superficial and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a campus discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage -- and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it at a high and distributed figure, to the female and a white skin.
And that's my inheritance. I know I know that I've heard to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now being skeptical now, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say, wait. There are Navradge, Trachet, Joan Shanghai, Art West.
First of all, happiness to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told each and every one of the models in the password -- and from the 67 controlled models, only 27 -- I mean, less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always do is, can it be a model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a collective supermarket surgeon, which would be impressive -- because it was the first one.
If after this spectacular list, I still insist insects. No, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my boss, I know.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the chief of the region of the American magazine or the CEO executive director or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that the older you want to be a model is like saying that you want to win the lottery when you get older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all what I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the gravitational surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and you work on your back, no matter what you say, that is, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum say, your internal model for 10 years, people will look strange to you.
The next question that people always do is whether all pictures are resolved.
And yes, it's pretty much retrospeding all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bicycle, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal field, but it was a girl.
So I fought my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are from the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pants party a few days before the photos for the French Volk.
Here I am with my football team and the Vebe magazine.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those photos.
They are created from a group of professionals, filmmakers, machines, photographers and strategies, and all their heads and people and prostitution and policy, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get things free ...
I have too many tanks from 20 centimeters, and I never use it, except the previous pair -- but the privilege I get are the ones that get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress out.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver panel, and he jumped a series in red and, of course, they stood up, and I was sorry, and I was sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege in my respect, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140,000 teenage people who were stood and recorded -- 86 percent black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 173,000 black and Latino people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me going to me?
But how many times do I get it? And when ...
When you research for this talk, I found out that at 53 percent of 13 years in the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes down to 98 percent at the age of 17.
So the last question that people do is, what is life from a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, innocent and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my life every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs -- the brightest hair and the more to fashion -- but probably be the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that you get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures -- and I didn't have me who I pulled them.
There were no artistic directors, no strategies, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them would take them at random.
My story begins when you find in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five percent.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York right a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York in a patient journey, and you continue the ritual?
This is when we start to ask the tourists that were going to take us off the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has been dreamed of the camera.
By then, we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in a week of October, and to make it reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all ways.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, on one of the trips -- we were walking down, when suddenly it was stopped and pointed out a red floor of the dolls that I would love from small visits in previous vision.
And I described what had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember her heart painted with force by looking at that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in creating conscious memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that comes out the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear on the picture, and I don't have to zoom on to somebody and ask it.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Bucks are in the most threat group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter as mentor characters, dumb characters.
More recently, if you've been following the landing press press, applause and assembly these are the attributes you associate with the Kenyan Panthella, but I don't accept it.
Don't accept. You know why?
Because the Parkinson's members don't keep clean the environment.  The parallels don't help prevent disease spread.
They are a lot of mentor.   They're far from extinction.  And my favorite, the flowers have better present.   There are two kinds of background on this planet.
There are the New World bloods that are mostly found in the Americas, like charges and strips, and the Old World Bureau, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11, face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the flowers important? First of all, they provide violent ecological services, cleaning it.
It's our natural garbage collections.
They wipe up the cars to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- help absorb the anthrax that will not be for them extended and causing large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no banks, the cars take three to four times longer in decompioning, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
Bucks also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Nelleo was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and along with the cobra -- symbolized the unit between the high and the Egypt English.
In the Hindu mythology, Jasach was the bird god, and he risked his life to save the Silence God of the 10 Hands Ranger.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important ones are done in the open sky, in places like Tibet. There is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create, so these blocks provide a system of natural elimination system.
What's the problem with blocks?
We have eight species of background in Kenya, which six are in extreme emergency threats.
The reason is that they're being loved, and the reason they are being invited is because there are conflicts between humans and failure. Paradise communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of background are at the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years away, and the reason is because it takes the consumption consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dictionation.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Because there is no bands, there has been a spread in the number of hot dogs in the brands of cards, and when you have slavery dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for Arabic -- the number of cases of Arabic has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 adventures are going to be on top of Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them in half.
They're bird screens.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead bars to serve the church and the physics market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting transplants.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the banks, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help -- can you go back assets, make noise. You can write a letter to their government and tell them we need to focus on these very unexpected creatures, donate their time to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they will report to the blocks, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the background.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do profoundly, my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1997, to 1997, young Link, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia. Kenya of Martin, German and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGOs, and every project that we established in Africa failed.
And I was delivered.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we take is an approach.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Bangladesh," was a project where some Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came with Italian seeds south at the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Bangladesh River, and we teach local people to grow Italian tomatoes and catches, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes sometimes they didn't help.  We were astonished that local Valley, in such a fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here to God to save the people from Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa is greater graduate.
We got these magnificent tomatoes in Italy, a tomato growing up this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the campaigns, "Look how easy the agriculture?
When the tomatoes were beautiful, marketers and red, at night to the morning, about 200 hopes appeared from the river and they ate everything.  And we said to the campaigns, "Oh my God, the hospitals?
And the charges said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why don't they say to me, "I never ask.
I thought that only we Italians commit errors in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least feed the hopes.
You should see the destroying designs.   You should look at the waste that you offer the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "The Dead Man of Darwin Morgan, getting to get the economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- we've delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
It's part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are influences, collective misery and treat people only in two ways, or participants, or we are patient.
The two words come from Latin root "The "To "The Salt Ray?
However, it means two different things.
Patrick -- I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot.
Paradigment, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my stress.
So the white in Africa is called "because "Country?
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The little thing is beautiful, written by Sacramana, who said for about every economic development, if people don't want to be help, double dollars.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not negative?
I decided at the age of 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called a paralyzed company where you never started anything, you ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a heritage of the local passion, the sense of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It catches.
You get to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We get together in a coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea -- why not we, at once rather than getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, at once we hear them, but not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never go on, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know it, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family doctor in the company, the business family doctor, who set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Hoppentation, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this convenient garbage that we got to tell us what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in market, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can I do it? And I said, "I want something very, very, very hard.
I got married and I hear them --  So the government says, "Hey new again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dragon, one of the greatest business agencies in history, passed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Dragon was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Dr. "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company?
planning. planning is the kiss of the business spirit.
So now you're going to rebuild Christianity without knowing what the most expensive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you.
You have to offer them conservatives, privacy, it has to be fantastic to help them, and then they act on the mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion ...
What do you show this tomorrow?
Local people. That's what you have clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- non-story fossil -- no regimes, and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a machine assistance is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture ourselves, we cut, we cure, we come up with seven billion people, in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution. University?
The government, Obama.
It's going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an advanced story that was in a future magazine for many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1850.
And in the year 1850, this group of people, and they were talking about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was urban, the city of New York didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and serve, if the population is going to get growing up to this rate, to translate the population of New York to the around, they took six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already being overwhelmed in supernovae.  And so in 1850, they were divided this dirty technology that would look at the life of New York.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States in the United States, 100 companies, 100 automatically automatically.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few -- we did, factories in places approached.
Department, Michigan, Henry Ford Hind.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conservation.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer it an absolute department, dedicated to an extraordinary service.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth of it with it.
The smallest company -- the biggest company, has to be able to do three wonderful things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial management.
You know what?
We have also met a human being in the world that can do, selling and search for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Windows Windows, Ford -- all the new companies -- Google, Anthere.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common -- only one. No one was started by one person.
The word "Good, but the word "searching 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilitation, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in caps, in bars together to their damaged dedicated who will do for you, which someone did for this gentleman who talks about this empathy, somebody who asked you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, you want you to look for somebody else."
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like complaining, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much would my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do our hopes share our hopes on empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams."
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots who give shadow to lovers and bookstores and substances for centuries and trust in a city.
You have a unemployment in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of American property properties.
I live near this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Johnson, as a mother for me.
Her death was safe and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death and death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the time lived and I lived in it.
It clearly gave the significant things in my current life.
But I'm going to give you this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch over the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house in a giant blackboard, and he painted on her phrases to go, "I want to die wanting?
So the transistors could take a smell, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was represented and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"I want to die I want to be judged by pilots?  And I want to die I want to sit in the board of the date shift.
"I want to die for millions of people."
"I have to die I want to plant a tree.
"I want to die out of the network?
"I have to die I want to hug one more time?
"I want to die to go to someone's residential?
"Before of dying I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at strips, and I was going to get me up in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and disappointments -- it's about giving perspective and contemporary, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit, and now they've been killed in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express them and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distributions increasing, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
The death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
And thinking about death clarify our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what it matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a only request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Research is 22 years old, it's high and very guide.
I don't talk about, but transmit joy better than some of the best speakers.
I know what love is.
I share it by increasing what happened.
It's not advance. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and look at this, never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to prefer words that I didn't even be able to, I remember one thing, how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be unconscious.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very guide.
They put the most impressive memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out every single song of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was standing in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gay.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree with it.
And, in fact, because their minds don't care about the concept of normal society, they're often ignored and unconscious.
But what drives my heart and forces my soul was that even if that was the case, although I didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing, which was extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary ones.
Now, for those fewer familiar familiar with the term "Let's be a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, the learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual is manufactured in a different way, from there that Remerse is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and although it's one of the disorders of development that are faster in the world, there is no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was living and laughing in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would be between the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evidents.
But beyond the bright, frustration and hypertension -- there was something really unique, a pure nature and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without predictable, a human being that there was never lied.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, times when I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that it's things that I wouldn't want to change by normal.
Now normally, the beauty happens to be the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to Remote and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have? They're a gift. Every one of us has a gift in its inner and honestly, the pursuit of normal, is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for great, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what has been to be Alexander in the Country of Mars.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to students of engineering.
I was scared.  And I really was scared.
But when they developed those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when he went through the cover of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
So I was just feeling when I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas that I had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the health care and health care, among others, and if we don't know what we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, let's make it simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
Don't just tell us that they study the traditions, but they study the traditions, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the cosmos.
And when they're describing their science, they care with the jargon.
The brand is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, they can say "The "The We and Texas and White and Texas, but why don't you say "The and time," which is much more accessible to us?
To make it accessible is not the same thing to make you dumb for.
Instead, as Einstein, which everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- these are ways to engage and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, you forget the signs of the signals.
They have wondered why they're called "The "Dogs?  What do the bases do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and opened up.
Instead, this example of generation from Gene Brown is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the traditions is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Design.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- legal present, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then you provide graphs that apply your other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what it described.
I think these are just some key key things that can help the others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that's science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all the media, they make it simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words across the Oxford English dictionary is "Concern?
Just because it sounds very well.
And "I will see "the designing design."
Although there was a lots of the 19th century of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A "Conference is here that looks for a public load without particularly party, platform or principle, and that when you win, you get it by the mere use of a monster violent monster."
I have no idea what it means "definition?
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Cuban, who was faced with Parkinson.
I got in the London Tower and he was standing up, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase "The British But It was like metal."
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's by a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America, right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, their leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a reporter country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that could be free.
Some people wanted to call it "The State of Statistic State," and others, "I have Alex Washington General and other "Every Libraries of the World American villages of the United States.
Not very attractive.
Some people just wanted to call it "for "The "Doctor."
They thought it was a quality test.
And not even with it were manipulation, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody gets immensely tired because this debate was shown for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, "It is with this subject?
What caused the retrospect and the way it was that the Carbon House was against the Senate.
The Cambridge House didn't want Washington to be proposed.
They didn't want to call it King for if he was giving him or his suggestion ideas.
So, they wanted to give the title more inspired, more inspired and more large-scale than it was happened.
And that title was "completely."
President. They didn't invent the title, and there was only before, but it only means "I have a gathering meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more grand than the term "The Terror Or "The Terrorist?
There was an evolutionary president of small colonial and government propositions -- but it really was a threatened title.
And that's why the Senate is obvious.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet foreign documents."
"And who will take you seriously with such a ridiculous and insight title like President of the U.S.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't win.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been replaced by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate to between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- possible that we keep waiting for 22 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you, is that the U.S. president of America does not sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to determination, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of air vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story has hurt.
So at the end, I won the Senate.
They got their title of respect.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But you know how many nations have now presidentially.
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the Party Republican, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually the modern reality much more than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet underground, in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of surface bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that magic of male used and rocks with primitive tools.
Like the others, I took a cheap light bulb of light that was submitted to the head with this complaining little car driver, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls in that subway hole that took hundreds of meters on the ground.
I rented my hand and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, who lost control and fell income in that period.
While I talk to you today, these men are deep at the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward, and often they die.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the United Nations Peace Carlous.
Among all the incredible people I met there I met a Shark international integrity of the Shakespeare, a NGOs that was dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad, honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
And I got a night the stomach and weeks later, flew to Los Angeles to meet the Sunday director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some people, even I considered my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty transistors.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the treatment of traditional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 today.
However, today you can set up the entire families for the generations of the Generation 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been convicted with false education promises and better work to find that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates on trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disabled.
slavery exists in almost everybody and, yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the horses of balloon.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Indian Internet.
You dive in a temperature of 54 degrees C. men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy pile of dust, applying mechanical breakthroughs in their heads, to 18 at a time, and they take them from the homes open to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
And they went through the monument and the candidate work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day.
There were no pauses to eat, not to drink, and the severe demonstration made it really much interpreted.
So penguin was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and I was sitting there, thinking, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the adversarity who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "You don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained very clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to trust the Sunday and work inside the system for his release, and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids taking rocks for miles for mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big planets were more heavy than the kids who caught them and the kids would support them to their heads with roads carefully made from steps, ropes and down.
It's hard to get something so overwhelming to it.
How can we influence something so insecure, but so uniquely."
Some people don't even know that they are slaves -- they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these videos would reject their freedom, the slaves burn their home.
When you hear the word slavery, we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness of this world that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was struck by women who had been provided sexual slaves.
I was driven by some ancestors that were given to this dirty basement, of faint fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a bureaucratic.
It was rather a restaurant.
Salimons, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves with their girls and children, some of only seven years, are forced to train clients and encouraged them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and successful, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomaterial and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From foot, I remember feeling an adult fear of it, and at that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a salt, the stairs where I came in.
There were no dead doors.
There were no windows enough to translate.
Those people don't have a computer and, because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It's going to happen for you, but we don't see it.
Telescopes are another activity that often relate to the labor of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were the entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family report.
The blue hands of black are the father, the blue holes and the red of their children.
They mix ink in these big barriers and dip silk into the liquid to the corals, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We hope, though, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work."
There are more than 4,000 children in the Galapagos Lake -- the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense right?
Erik. They were all scanners.
Children are separated from their trafficked families, disappeared and forced to work extinct to the extensions of these boats on the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat became shocked, it was feared that his little canoe was underground.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling to water.
The rational branches of the trees plunged on the Volta Galaxy often attract networks and children, failures and fear, they thrown into the water to unlock the branches.
A lot of them.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee up, and as all of life has been treated with crazy, crushing it to the younger slaves under their man.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they took the last few networks, but they had been working from the one.
It was cold and feet.
And you can point out that these networks weighs over 400 pounds when they're packed out of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosp.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter where he was short-term the reporter of slavery.
Kofi symbolic is possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
They drive on a road in Ghana with the partners of the Sunday, an adaptable partner, with his motor suddenly accelerated and survived our car and played the window.
He asked us to go through a dirt road to the forest.
At the end of the way, it forced us to get out of the car, and asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then he pointed out this seal barely visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way.
As we started down, we took the approaches that blocked the path and after walking about an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as I put up in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the song walked up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of spread workers.
A lot of women had the kids tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they walked in the waters wrapped with memories.
Mercement is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a pit on another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were pregnant in their own supply.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irreverse, because many people had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people will charge heavy stones of stone that will then be transported to another area where they map the stone to be able to extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and victims, but if we look closer at it, the margin we see is working on other less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this museum ends up like this victim of T.B. and the incentive in a few years.
This is Mandela. When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, Mandela heroic the debt of the uncle that forced him to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be advanced.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and not as far as that is forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being liberated and educated with local activists like "Hey The Subtashion and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony of them and we'll do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not medical mechanisms. They're people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, malentry, I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will turn a fire, and that fire shine light over the slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue living in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a particular math and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management consumptions.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
It destroys us the virtues of the ballet and the class dancers -- we will see more ahead.
But the ball demands an extraordinary degree of training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson's disease, gradually destroyed this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Streetap-shaped who, at his time, was a virtual whale bank.
In the last few years, it has been done a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness -- fear, record and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a kind of objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and cultural machine.
But it's frustrating that for the Parkinson's and other movement of movement there is no biological markers -- so it doesn't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the test themselves.
It didn't need a personal person.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a nonprofit form to try to try to try to try to try to try it, in a sense, in a sense, all of us are virtual like my friend Jane Stevens.
This is a video of the vibration.
It shows someone healthy as you make sounds when you speak. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal block because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes necessary -- the Foundation, for example.
And, like the blue, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Think about the time you take a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they live, and as well as the Parkinson's affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of the compliance of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
You get vocal and weakness and record.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspirational after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these experiences based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the based on voice is not specialized specialists.
I mean, they can be an international.
They do very quickly, it's about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something is going to make a cost so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't do it to go to the clinic for the routine chest.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could make mass manufacturers of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, they burn facilitating on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomechanics of disease before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Value Valley Initiative of Paris.
Together to Airphange and Patent, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with without Parkinson's -- can call low price, and let me record for a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mall, take all these samples from, say, 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What do you get from these shows?
Max Lituralism. Yeah, yeah. What's happening is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MK: You see, some people can not happen. You may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data together in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at the leadership factors in looking for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now.
MK: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thampins, I have to be published, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which is a 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: November and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MK: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much Mall, Malay.
MK: Thank you, Tom.
Before March from 2011, I was doing photography resolutions in New York City.
We're propelled creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin models still more deforestated, the perfect skin still more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Voltar, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
So with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 to Obama.
It's a little town of fishing fishermen in the spirit of about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level reached over 24 feet high, and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We get rubble out of channels and candies.
We clean schools, we take the slime side and we leave the homes ready to be resourced and religious.
We take tons and tons of death fish and adventures, power from local factory.
We engage and love us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
Let's collect it and take them to different places of the peoples around to be carrying away.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered out.
As I got out of the wave, and to save his lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village evidence center.
He helped clean the commons in the top of the commons, giant banks.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the rate of action picked up the photos.
There I took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was treated my horizons than something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years old, some were still in the middle of the lab, I couldn't stop thinking about how to fix that rate and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I walked on Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to pick up the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too strategic, but where the water had captured the face of the girl to fix it with a lot of precision and depression.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of her itself, and that would be as tragic as having the strategic picture.
Over the course of time, they got for luck more photos, and they needed more relationship so that I went back on Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
When I was two weeks old, I had 150 people who were willing to join them.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rick, a neighboring town north of Hampak.
Once a week we had our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been inspired, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they took in opening it is a different story, it depends on the waste of the photos.
I could make an hour. I could make weeks.
I could make months.
This migration had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had not destroyed.
It took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of it along with the step of time continues to be destroyed by it, so moving by hand was an important part of the project.
We could not pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been rejected by its owner of it.
We had luck with the class by hand.
We told the guidance of an adventure neighbors.
It's very easy to harm the pictures even more.
As Gene once said, my group leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
She had started to clean it herself out, but he stopped to realize that the dance even more.
I also had double-search.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture and to return the whole picture.
When I picked up your pictures to share some of your history with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures on a bomb station between the rubble pretty far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of tsunami, his husband was the push of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water as the synapses sounded in.
Their young children, not so small now, but their two children were at school, different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that they had all survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that I could remember from the past that had not been made by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined al Hans Hans hundreds of them helped us clean in more than 13,000 photographs -- the vast majority -- the vast majority returned to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go to 90 families of completely respected photos and related.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the ink to print.
We take pictures of it.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted to.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we are going to do, but the first thing we would go back to look for.
It was about this the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is going to get someone, it is a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of relations.
Some of them connect them with something bigger to do something, using their talent for something that is not a perfect skin model.
To finish I'd like to read this email. I sent it Cinco the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was characterized, I couldn't stop thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, meeting around a baby, I was pleased to meet me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born in our wall.
In the whole world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  And thank you.
Doug Edinburgh inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that draws a apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I presented you a new kind of photography, the physicist, a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow camera from light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the skins, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays and really challenge the idea of camera.
If you take a laser page and turn it up in a slide of a second, or it is, in several photos to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons -- that ball, will travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that balance and this photo package and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread into this bottle."
What's the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this?   Remember that all of this happens in less than a nanotube is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't take this research.  So it takes a lot of things in this movie, bringing this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle, with a photo package that starts to go through and that, inside, start enjoying it.
Part of the light goes to the table, and we started seeing these cheeklies.
Many of the photons finally come to the step and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel down the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflection is focused on.
Now, if you take a common bullet and run and make you go back the same distance and you see it in the camera slow to about 10 billion times, how much do you think would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, every year.
It would be a very boring movie --  of a slow bullet base.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that get rid of the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, thinking, of a bomber at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integrated composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you realize that, as the light hits the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is married and the light bounce inside its inner and comes back after several dillises of second.
In the future, when this phenomenon is on your cell phone, you're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is marriage without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exhibition picture, it goes very little light.
But we were going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you just get some light.
We sent that base, that photons of photons millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over again with a very expensive synchronizing, we took those gigabytes of data and we put them into complicated to create those features that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process it very interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the cities?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Roberto, go into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bulbs.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left, there is our feeling.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Native Communities.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our feeding has unique capacities.
It has really good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it is what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a photo picture, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we will take them and try to analyze the multiple robots of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object.
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collisions with what's going around the curve.
Or we could seek survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open windows.
Or we could build entires to be able to see the inside of the body by running spaces, and the same for the characteristics.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about physical as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
As Doug Edinburgh, he himself a scientist, he turned science in art, an art of ultraviolet photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect each time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves. Remember, time among each one of those waves is just a few trillion slides.
But here's a funny thing.
If you look at the waves under the road, these are coming away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which the events in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding definition of space and time, we can run this distortion out.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to Susan and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a quote of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are going to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people are meeting that they protest for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Let me.
Raise your mobile phone, regulate them.
Let them read you. A Blackboard, a Blackboard, a guide.
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 pounds of information.
So data data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The data of Research of data.
This principal says that every European telephone company, every European provider, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who I sent an email to who.
Who sent him a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or his Internet cover.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data responsibility.
We want the self-assembly in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone to be able to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists and priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out on the streets of Berlin and said, "Some of course, don't fear it."
And some of them even said this would be Stage 2.0 percent.
The Stage was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use cell use?
So I asked my phone, Dentisa Telegram, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I was asked once, and I would ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah, white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delico Telescope said, no, we don't give you this information.
And we finally signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I could.
Meanwhile, the Clevelen constitutional Transparency failed the official for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this seal on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Three and five thousand Hillas are using information lines.
At first, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So next to Zeal Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom back, go back and forth.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to Poland, and how often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives you a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they're called among them.
And then one calls the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who makes you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in the result, neither of the Countert Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible within and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the self-organization and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight an antibody.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not going to be more.
When you go home, you give it to your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what data you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight the self-resolution age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDxoutus, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDxoutus, what happens?
I call myself Mattur Zasa, and I'm not eradicated, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions -- anniversity to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so it takes all the time.
Look at it.
It's angry. I'm a mixture of Shanghai.
and Muhammad Allen.
The P, C is not genetics.
It's not constant and it can't control.
No one evil the title of my mother and I didn't get the comfort because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me when I was born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've been able to be disabled.
Let's go on it.
Christmas, National Vietnam, are in the shopping center, driving in circles for parking parallels, and what do you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And you think, "God, I can be at least a little bit distributed?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and B, C, is just one of them.
There was a chart of opportunity, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian Palestinian woman, Muslim, women, disability and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Classic, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I want to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in "The One Can."
The mantra of my father was, "You have to do it, dance song."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I clean up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents sued to the school system and make sure that I was also out of it, and if we didn't get all the maximum notes, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years by putting my talents in his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to personalize it.
The super-conscious that I carried inside was very strong.
Yes. The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a battle camp that has received many completely.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and was all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs now, and they keep being all of the family.  I think no one realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would be able to use "The Muslims to Muslims, as a campaign for campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry much that he died of hunger during the room.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months with no eating, so I'm going to take advantage of the standard is very easy.
Babbie takes in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with tables, or I can walk with tables.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a child, so if my friends used tables, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I was spending my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Machine.
In summer vacation, my father was often trying to know, so I was drinking the deer milk -- they put me warm back on the back, I was immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned me and thinking, "Let's work."
But the miracle cure was the child.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I made a yoga was a standard comedy that I couldn't put out of foot.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, the University of the state of Arizona, because I went into all the cure.
It was like the lap of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in his class.
Every time I made a scene from the glass cover my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Backle very slow in Pakistan.
It's a work of a girl with brain paradoxis.
I was a girl with brain paradoxics.
So I started screaming at four winds, "The end will have a role.
I have brain paradigms.
At the end of free free, at the end of free.
And thank God the fundamentalist, I am a free free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Super Brown, you know.
I went to encourage the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Well, if I can't do the risk scenes, it can't be the character."
It was a paper that had literally been born and gave it to an actor without brain paradigms.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a kind of subject of automatic hearing audiences for disabled papers.
When I graduated home, I went home, and my first actor tour was kind of a stranger in a temperature.
My dream was true.
And I knew it would be accelerated to "Let's "Find Friendren Friendren" in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a garden -- I didn't look at it more than the cloud, and it was obvious to me that report guidelines didn't hire germ actors, not white, with disability.
They just hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Warner Bobistic, Rome Barry, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comfortable.
That's why I became a humility.
In my first tour, I took famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first friend that I took when I fell on the fact that I was at high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paradigms.
I worked in clubs all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monitor of the Arab world.
I never like to repeat the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Olympics, and I launched the Forest Office Festival in New York, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the manufacturing in the media and at a time remind the director of report that completely correct and Arab are not yet.
To integrate Arabs it was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was kind of like invited to the cable news program, and it has Keith Olympic.
I walked up as if I went to a graduate dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Well, can you give you another chair?
She looked at me and said, "What four, three, two?
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk of the presentation to not go out of the screen during the secret, and when I finished the interview, I was published.
At the end, I had my opportunity and the destroying descendant. I knew they didn't come back.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to inviting me, but I was sort of a complete time and I lost my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are scan.
Kids are said that kids are cross, but they never get out of me or a little bit of older or bigger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a red object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why is the things that the thermostat?
"Is it being shelted."
And my favorite, "The terrorist book.
What disease does it have?
We should really run for it?
A commentation suggested even I added my disability to my currency, guards, comment, parallel.
Discussion is so visual.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Bill -- then Bible can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Discussions are the -- yeah, clapping. Man: Come on.
Discussions are the largest minority of the world, and the most super-constructed in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I won't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey trip has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to sing through the red carpet for the diving of the Telescope Susan Luckey and the German Larre America.
I got to act in a film with Adam Santa and to work with my pain, the incredible Dave Mathematica.
And I remember the world running "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was delicious in a representative of the great state of New Jersey state in the Council of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Mallor," a charity organization to give the Palestinian refugee kids a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and he was doing this talk to his memory.
(Audience in peace, father.
I call myself Mattur Zasach, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small town to South Street.
This village is near Longtap.
The subject drives the little village to poverty and the edge of the imagination.
Without it there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Longta, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there is no opportunity -- there's no work, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Magmartin.
After maybe a transparent year, nothing.
So one day he was approached by a gentleman who offers him to take him to lunch, then he would be delivered.
He knows a group of people who give him a decline.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new money to send home to her family.
They present to a young guy.
Finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Magon, under a blue sky, a car boat.
That child of that little village with the dreams of the big care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were the Shakespeare, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him immediately.
He was waiting for.
He was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he did.
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call "the period of wait?
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of marine, young urban urban urban urban units that disappeared riots in Johannesburg in London, who would look for something beyond "the experience of expect?
For the young people, the promise of the city, the big dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of waste.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the "design of waiting for the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the pandemics, to be the history of the 2.0.
And in my birth of birth, Magmard, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, don't go to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Longton last month, and I went to visit the Martin Hospital.
I remember being before that hospital active to balance thinking about it, and if I never had to go?
And if I had been forced to be in that same "massively of expect?
Would I have become terrorism."
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Longton that month was actually to support a few juvenile leaders in a business box.
It takes about 90 juvenile legislation leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alex.
He went to the University of Longth, he graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graduate college college, depressed frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Magostheat, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the living system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And then I saw an opportunity and advanced it.
He started a motorcycle company.
They started getting motors to local residents who were normally not able to buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of your family and friends, and your dream is at some point to expand hundreds of mice over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against "the experience of expect?
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately to be.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings. Muhammad Mozart, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and so far, until Muhammad arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- we were using plastic from the foreign.
If I asked someone, "When was it the last time you saw free flowers?
And for those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Muhammad saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscape and flower.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Longton, and he started growing the tumors and lights, which he said could survive the hard clip of Longth.
And it started the flow of flowers for bottles, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies -- and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Japan in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Magmartin.
He wants to create a space where families, the young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the pressure rivers.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Muhammad had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but his story, their innovation really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
They encourage them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be an illusion of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They did business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people, and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, breathing the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mozart is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
The Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
And I hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the monkeys for him.
It gave them the opportunity to escape the parallel paradox.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is to turn young people in entrepreneurs, including and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace that we engage and "I have to expect?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains -- an area left north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The secret forest.
The sun made the leaves shine like a visit, and not to be on the path that we knew, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to take that land.
We got to our camp.
I was a company in a bus with seen a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a bank, from about four square feet with broken hearts of clean paper balls and old catch.
And I was announced -- I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The characters who were too lazy to take out what they had brought out of what they thought was going to clean their barrier?
That question followed with me, and a little bit simplicity.
Who clean our barrier?
No matter how they organized or where they put out the "manufacturing, who clean our trash in Stanford?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris, or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Santa clean our trash -- for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know you as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel like and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their travels and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an international.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel on the trucks. I drive them.
And they operate the mechanical scales and bar sheets.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody questions about smell.
It's there, but it's not as accurate as you think, and in the days that it's very strong, you will be used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies were going to go forward to the weight of getting on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the workforce of Laboratory, the resistance of waste is one of the most dangerous opposition of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and go into the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to pass it, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the work.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the path and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implanted of garbage.
When you get out of the room and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stopped coming up.
It's also like a form of breath or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think the waste harvesting is the most important work hand on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health shows.
If you don't get rid of the waste in the way efficient and effective every day, this starts to decline.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries back and they start to break back and start damage.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signals its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed necessary.
And I mean just at the speed of the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about, and we don't replace ourselves, we clean or we take our coffee cup and our manual bag -- our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a job force on the other side that will come out of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her job, I think, is almost philosophy.
They're on the street every day, relatively.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to explain it.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that holds us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our own destroys, and that flow always must stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the height of a waste collection truck on the street, grab my little son and I went down the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his piece of paper recycling as he did all the migrations.
And I tried to thank you to do your work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assessed, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
Let's be okay.
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Palestinia, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Pascal was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all the costs -- even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
Musician waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the number of waste waste.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see to someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you, you tend a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life making part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center of various stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, and my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was like, "I want to get running out."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to research.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the cracker with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of complete.
In a city where this shouldn't happen, because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the entire year.
And third, it looks like nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a transport of a place as rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really careful with the old market that is this free air structure where thousands of people are going and buying things every day to small sellings.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge is presented by introducing the site, which is located in a much growth area in the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in a hundred meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, using all the inputs of the building.
And this extends with an incomplete aura, which creates an open-air space in the building that compared to it, by its own way, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to the local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a pollution staircase with perfections to allow the input of air and also light, but in a filtered way.
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons from the stores of the stores.
They have fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facility.
We're building that with these little preferences that are the windows that let the air happen, and light in a way controlled inside of the building.
This is matched with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we asked?
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because ultimately there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't needed to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy competition for the building in a city where electricity was almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these ports on the roof, which in a whole, collect water for the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we're going for the fifth floor of the building.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to do a project that was so big, the biggest one I've designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1000 structure of anti-computer that was surrounded by a wall with two doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these parasites.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this shapes the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the media weather.
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we supply a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathologists, and then in the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density at higher levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like replacing the community that is occupied by construction.
That's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and make such activities like running a two miles in the morning, or jumping out of one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach to design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies to the same rate that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little state of pencils -- fine. It was very strong for the capital capitals -- very good for chops.
And I ended up that year, and I was full of stories, until I took my genome planet.
One day I was left after the school. I was a little evening, and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was deployed, I went out in the classroom, I took from the table of my teacher the cartoon book.
And then, I did.
I rented the ratings of my rival rival -- just a little bit, just some case.
All the stuff.  And I was willing to get the book to the brother. But see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, running the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all lines of Dr. and myself a row of this, just because I could be there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt okay to do it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never catch me.
It's that everything was demonstrating obvious.
I never discovered me.
But most of all, I was destroyed by the reason why I bothered that this girl, so small, was so good at originally.
I was intrigued by the shows.
They're so mysterious and so background.
We know babies suffer from shows.
The primates also are primarily proposed.
We know that the stories are the number one cause of solar substitutes in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed the loneliness or the long duration or sadness.
And so you have to go to fiction, because novel is like the laboratory that you study in all its possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no stores, I would have not literature.
Because there would be no Helen the inexpensive, there would be no "Healthy."
There was no child class, or "The 1,000 and a Nigeria?
There was no Shakespeare.
They will go out the reading list of high school reading, because we would be losing "The Russian and the Francisco, there would be no "Harboy, or "The Free? We lost "The Boof But Beether's "Babie."
No stores, no Project. I know it is fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the challenges, I almost have all of them.
This year was 100 years from his work teacher, "In looking for the lost time, the most elegant study of sexual self-interest and also the ordinary competition, my God, everything we could have.  And think of Proton, we have the sensitive details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humble magnitude in a wavelength.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot how implanted it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Word said were as hard as cat tribe.
I don't know what cat tribe, but we assume it's supernovath.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the stories, the shows and Prostate.
It will be very obvious as the stories, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their implants, are a good substantial basis?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel short.
When we feel shorts, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about the life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel wrong.
It's going to be the narratives and the audience, we know exactly what details include -- to call the knife -- right?
The stories make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Prosperation understand.
Everything she does to make pleasure could give you another one, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, I propose it says that every single amount of faith that Switzerland detects in his lover, he added it to his school instrument collection in his private camera.
You have to admit that Switzerland and Promise, they were notoriously hair.
You know, Project prices would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so challenge to recognize it's a tough job. Right?
The things are angry.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the challenges?
The things are nutritious from information.
The things use the details.
The stories like the large amounts of bright hair and cute and small store stations.
The stories are nutritious from photos.
This is why Instage is so successful --  propose link to the language of the language with the challenges.
When Switzerland is in his self-interest -- suddenly he heard behind the doors and the bribe to the subjects of his lover, then defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replacement, but it's not unlike the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monster."
He says, "You know scientific value with true intellectual value?
Project is trying to prove that the stories look self-assembly and they make us seem absurd, but in their media, they are search for knowledge, search from the truth, a real painful. In fact, what Proust does, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humility, the loss. These were the pathways to the Prosperial wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a range of feelings much deeper and vital than a wise man who can be interested.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for women crashing?
No. I think it's trying to say that the stories reveal ourselves.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our depression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such a peculiar intensive."
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't fit in what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspended without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife -- without realizing investigators, inventionated.
Do you smile too much, or accidentally relaxed with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the concert of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how things make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more things we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I believe, the stories lead us to make a violent or illegal act.
The stories propelled us to behave completely uncomfortable.
Now I'm thinking about me when I was eight years old, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard about the news.
A woman of Michigan of 52 of the age of age was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which he was sent to live messages -- horrible to himself, for a year.
For a year. Every year.
She was trying to incorporate the new girlfriend of his boyfriend scary. I have to trust that when it or this, reacted with admiration of it.
Because, we are realistic.
How big, even though unconsciously, creative. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patrick Parking.
Henry is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The Trade on a Transition," and "The Talk Mr. Robinson, books that are treating how the stories are confusing our minds, and once we're on the sphere, in the realm of the stories, the membrane that separates what might be, can be lost in a second.
Let's take Tom Robin, his most famous character.
Tom Robert is going to love or want what you have to be aware of your self and to position what you ever had, and it's under the floor, and you respond to your name, you take your rings, you get your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route by Tom Rosetta.
I can't give you the whole world, as much as I would like.
It's a string, because we live in scales of envy.
We live in the time of shorts.
That is, we're good citizens, social media, where the currency is the engineering, right?
The novels show us the salary? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what people are always doing when they're not sure when they're at a mystery.
We go to the 22th of Baker Street and ask by Shanghai House.
When people think about Hollywood, they think of the curse.
But I've always preferred -- "The Stone Stone? Let me tell you the head face of Stanford Yaho that needs Hollywood designed the Gene genius but he was bound.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Lester needs his help, but he respected it, and he was buried with love in each of the puzzles.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Adam of the Sixth Nationally, once you go in, you shake everyone with your solution. Let me go back to House and say, "We're not cheese, Mr. House.
Are we proud of you?
And he tells him that there is no person in Second York who wouldn't want to shake her hand.
It's one of the few times we see Hollywood transmitted in history. It seems to be very emotional. That scene also is mysterious, right?
It seems to treat them as a problem of geometry without emotion.
You know, in a minute Moon is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute is the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland is allowing you to admire that idea of being the resident.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the challenges are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to respond from the excellence of the other.
We can encourage it.
But I like the continuous planets.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for comfort them.
Only the descendant fiction is shows.
fiction used the developments, I invite you to the table.
And look at what there was the crash -- the land Lester, the terrifying torment Tom Robin, the log Switzer, the same Martin Promiss.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the 20th Apollo deployment of Apollo 11.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but his presence on the surface surface was the culmination of a conversational collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Singapore program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on his surface, which Afghanistan after Army death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot from coming back, 38 pounds of old rock, and something that 24 percent of us would choose later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice at 1968 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why is the Moon?
Why would you turn it into our goal.
And you might also ask, why are you climbing the highest mountain, you know?
So 35 years ago, why would I fly over the Atlantic.
Why do I play Rice against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Potter, for the contexts, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In time, the strongest emotion was the wonder of the property of the technology of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do that.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological success.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of entrepreneurship and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, policy and shooting surveys.
The technology seemed to do what Alvin Toraja was in 1970 called "Active Accelerating."
For most of the history of humanity, we could not go faster than a horse, or a ship battle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles -- an hour.
Since 1970, no human will become the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the 10-year-old crew and the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure the cancer, or feed the world population seem to be introductive results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the so-called satisfying tube of the Saturn Saman.
I knew that this would be the last woman mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from "The Health has happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, it has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have distributed us and have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a paralyzed explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have been created that they have created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel Internet, Microsoft and Apple and Generation.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the curves, in concrete, the incentives that risk capital offers to entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that venture investment causes the creation of transparency ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
I explain mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their crazy point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CDC has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they have never invested in developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have any immediate trade value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and more profound.
Sometimes we choose to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomimicry Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biomechanics.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price, don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists are according to what policies and international treatment is to incentivize the development of an alternative energy, more importantly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seemed technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for the time that famines are result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis.
Technology can improve things like computers or systems for advantage and report for food, but there will be famines while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1973, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective treatments and viable.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present. The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must be really a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission -- which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a modern model in the future.
We're not in 1947.
There is no competition that is delivered as in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who wound how difficult and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
OK, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that they have become climates of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recovery, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the recovery, the goal and the task has been bad interface.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think trust has disappeared.
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who are decoded about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disability.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite confident, judges -- nurses, nurses, fundamentalist.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway halfway in the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you regenerate?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust politicians in the teachers?
Now, if somebody asked you, "Do you think about the vertically.
Do you trust the fishing)
Do you trust the primate teachers?
They probably started to ask, "Can you do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust some, but in other notions?
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to depression trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of officer or functional or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, saying I trust a certain teacher of primary school that I know to give you the kind of reading -- but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open up the good inherent judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would present.
I'm going to be more trust in what it's leading to trust you, but not what is not.
Ultimately, I'm a chance of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who would destroy their savings with the very closely named Mr. Madisan, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too trust.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
The dense or negotiated trust with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say that you say, yeah, yeah, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competition in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they are not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competition and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgery.
I have friends who are very sure that they can make certain things, but I see that I can make their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competing and responsible but extremely destroyed.
If it is, I still haven't been pulled down.
But that's what we're looking for, convinced you before you trust.
The trust is the answer.
Convention is what we have to judge about.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build feedback systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that they made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember one time I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that you can take on the portion."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system is destined to guarantee trustworthiness.
What they do is they are difficult the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, exploring that "Look the cases, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, all of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we treat people that we are trustworthy and if we try to determine whether other people, or whether other people, or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's trial, simple actions, attitudes -- which is not done properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild the trust, put things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should reconstruct trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- ultimately, is different because it makes us manage other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't get accompanied, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to make a hard evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That does every day, everywhere, the common people, the fundamentalists, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks say that I can get them out of explorations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing out is not a very difficult thing to discuss.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been striving to reduce separation between us and digital information, separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be destroyed.
This separation has been gone, and more and more and more, to such a day is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I wondered, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that will be in the digital space, so that when we make it strong to the screen against the screen by transforming its physical body to pieces.
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers broke down.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Apple Science division of Microsoft -- along with my mentor Carter Bolivia, he took the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital work.
They combine a transparent view with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab directly directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select it is as easy as to grab a book from a stress.
You can put the book and take lines and words with the virtual tactile sensor that there is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their muscles directly with their hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
In fact, many of us have bought and delivered things online.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing passwords in space, how can we make them physical and so we can touch them and feel it?
So what would a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hillary Island and my collaborator Remeria Post, we created this only physical penguin.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D punishment in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was we took gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detector accidents.
And as we program it digitally the object, we release it from time restrictions and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and play and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach complications physically and distance and famous take Michael Jordans can be represented as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitors or the text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but it will start to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get out of our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a giant for two years in Hunter, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the spending shoes.
But my mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was only one central path towards happiness, a safe work and a good refugee.
No matter if the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese Opera sign.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the audio, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adults gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream will never be done.
I feared that for the rest of my life a second class of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I used to look for another volcano.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
They remember books.
(Audience Ford from Santa Everest Chan -- National Husseller, I got to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese campaigning life.
And it's not a convenient propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one issue for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation. He said, "Take your father and your mother."
"I said, "I was so different, and much better than I would obey it."
So it became my tool to get out of this curve of guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading rate.
And I promised many perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
It had been given to me that China didn't have to be at the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparison reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are even research camps like comparative religion and shared literature.
Compare and contrast, give academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
They can treat people from Washington State from Walter McDonald's who were involved in a same scale, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crick, the temptation are economic, politics and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha -- it's all psychological psychologists, fluid, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
(Audience for Hawaii Time" Thomas Merrille -- Alask Washingtor. Instead of losing in the translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that "stage in Chinese literally means "The quickly meaning?
And "I say, "There's in Chinese literally means "The Mother: Oh."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know they wouldn't be used or impossible to never feel.
Having a sleeping dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is connecting to the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destroying dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, I am here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get on them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
And when I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychological client.
I was a Ph.D. student in Berlin clinical psychology.
She was a 24-hour woman called Alice.
And Alex went into the first session using shapes and a hot chip, stood on the couch of my office took my shoes off and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so awareness.
My class of class had a pioneer as a first client.
And I took a secretary I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the Chinese stories that Alex brought the sessions, it made me easy only to move the head while we cut the solution.
"The triangle is the new seconds," he said Alex, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start working after that, then you go home after it -- you have children later, to death happens later.
In order to look like Alex and I had time to go.
But soon after, my suggestion pushed me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "That's coming out with guys under his category, he fits with a heart of humor, but it's not as if he was going to marry him."
And then my suggestion said, "You know, no, but maybe married the next time.
Also, the best time to work on the marriage of Alex is before it causes?
This is what psychologists call a moment "Oh."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem, and I had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers and the families and the future of sealing everywhere.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to the adult without going on before by the time.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the vertical from here.
Oh, yeah! They're incredible.
If you work with the vertical, I love a verbal, you remove the dream of a seat, I want to see -- it's fine.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Oh, that shaping your life to have happened to you when you have 30 and so many.
People of over 40 -- they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and final stage of growth in their 20s and replaces for adults, which means that if there's something that they want to change themselves, now it's time to change themselves.
We know that personality changes more times for their 20s than at any other moment of life, and we know that female fertility comes to its cloud at 18, and things become complicated.
The 20 are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where its daily and common life has a bare impact in the person who will become a destinational impact.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our two are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vertical people are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the line of the adult time.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence at the time.
The journalists take ridiculous names to the vertical as "manufacturing, and "The "Country."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a translation that's actually the decade that defines the adult.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve big things, they need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you pat a secret on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life."
Nothing happens.
They steal that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and nothing absolutely happens.
And then every day, I would see intelligent, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You know that as you start a career before you start a career before the 30s, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are going to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better currency, the day I graduated from university.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the game game.
They were all running and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music went off, and they all started sitting down.
I didn't want to be the only one who was standing, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30.
Where are the searching here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 300, there's a huge pressure to the triangles and so many of you start a career, choose a city, pick a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionates, and there's research that starts to show you, which is much more difficult and stressed to do everything at the age of 30.
The middle prosperity crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of tribes and companies look at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing?" What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the vertical people are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but I still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a member.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she would raise herself when he said, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for directors, and I had spent the whole morning filling with his many contacts -- but then it was left by looking at the empty space that followed after the words "A Emmanuel please."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to take care if I get cancer?
At that time, I cost a lot of work to resist and not say, "Oh, no.
What Emma needed was not a therapist who really was worried about.
I had a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit out of the last decade of Emma was going on front.
So, over the next few weeks, I told Emma three things that all the searching and man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I said to Emma that would forget that identity crisis and make identity capital.
For capital capital, I mean to do something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be next.
I didn't know the future of the Emer career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this, identity capital generates identity.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal company that you want to test it.
I'm not describing the self-definition exploration, I'm describing the exploration I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's proposal.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are supported.
The best friends are great to bring the airport, but the vertical people who are together with similar minds are limited in who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person coming out almost always comes from its nearest circle.
The new things come from what they're called the friends friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vertical people have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the form of color to this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not less importantly, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vertical seat, I would soon choose his family, when he had a partner and he formed his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit out than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But they choose the person that you live in now or you're scared now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that implies being so intentional in love as you're at work.
Choice your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill your time with which you choose them to you.
So what happened to Emma."
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped you get a job there.
That supply of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that I live.
Now, five years later, it's special organizing of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously consciously.
I love his new career, I love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the space contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with sequence.
It's very easy to help you.
The vertical are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport that come somewhere from the West.
Just before the detail, a slight line in your trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Finland.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even in 18, a good conversation, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects over the next few years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the searching to know about.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling you to sequence as Emma every day -- the tricks are not the new 20 dollars, they claim their adult capital, they get identity capital, they use their weak cheeses, choose your family.
They don't let them define why they didn't know what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very expensive job in general consulting for a work that was even more inclusive, the dollars.
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City.
And as any teacher, they apply tests and tests.
I give them tasks.
When the job comes back, they calculate grades.
What struck me the attention was that the C. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of them who had a better performance had no post-conflict points.
Some of my smartest kids weren't getting so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing they need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, they're hard, proposition, decoratives, the area of a paralyzing.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over enough time.
After several years more of dollars, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a mathematical perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
Is the Chile, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I quit the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios and every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Millise West Pantheon.
We try to predict what the captain would remain in the military training and who would be refrigerated.
We went to the National Conference of Defense and we tried to predict what kids were going to do as far as possible in competition.
We studied a few days working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective thing to improve their students' learning students?
We partnered with private companies, ask, what about these marketers are going to keep their job off."
Who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature arose as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health and wasn't the C.
It was determination.
The determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to take their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and really work hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then wait around a year to see who they grew up.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance to graduate gravity, even when they were pushed them on every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Convention Congress where it matters. It's also in school, especially for kids at risk of advance.
To me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term."
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who are simply not following with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the performance in children is something called growth "manufacturing."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Darwin, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Dog has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to engage when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a big idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I will end up my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we have to be willing to fail to be willing to fail, and then they start all again with the lessons of learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more distinct.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a calorie daughter -- one of my closest memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extraction, it seems like the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this market, so that what you want to understand and appreciating the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the strokes of every single feature in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic understanding 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy, you know.
The first 200 percent will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read signs of transit tends, restaurant menus -- understanding the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are they ready?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides -- as if I was screaming so fragile, "The "The So I'm burning it? This symbol actually is original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way -- which works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks for them to believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "The Shakespeare."
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person is going to stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It is that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner -- such as Johnny inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the circuits.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "diamond?  Easy to remember, because a paralyzed tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the flight?
Two hits together, it's really hot.
Three hits together, that's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two clouds together, pressure.
Three together, those are despairs.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brother.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon, dawn.
A door. Put a board inside the door, it's the corner of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Town, you have somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, escape, evidence.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, having care is adulthood.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight particles will allow them to build 32 percent.
The next eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same thing you learn an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after I met the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano flying together.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains removed one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese comments were given to their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exception has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where you'll come out is a subject.
This is a slide to remind you that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The movie donated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glanda, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic vaccine.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of a kind of industrial fantasy show.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a lot of years later with a few years later, and interestingly, another film whose prototypes, a metal boy and a furry boy rescue a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say, Dorother, you're the Oz salvation as the protein is predicting it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the military computers by the computer male computer.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the OS magician is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even victims are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a child.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had come down.  And so it was sliding in the room, and it was impressed as a mom standing up with his pills behind it, and I don't think he understood what happened, but indeed, they absorb everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would it be issues of value, personality and releasing?
Would you feel that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the English magician of 1939.
How do Dorothy win your film?
By doing good mines with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up OK, OK?
Why is there so much computing capital force, force in the movies for our children, and so little yellow blocks ...
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls, and they should read. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this structure.
I know for experience that the Prize princess didn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that's blended --  I think that at the time of the first kiss.  I think the credit was really hoping that the credit is going to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have nice.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the valley and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war of war.
There are lots of exceptions, and it will defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, boys, are not really their goal.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend the patriotics, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriotics.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely as Heroes and Kathanists, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who were creating a girl.
Until as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
I recommend it all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when I got it?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let that stop you.
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Bronx test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and already spread out, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alaska Beijing is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, he recorded a conversation that he had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies they saw.
And it's very simple. There are just three questions that you have to do -- in the movie, there's more than a female character than you have lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie.
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid than they like --  OK? Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things with each other.
It happens, I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film.
Right? Russian Orchestra, taxi success, an idea of consensus of what is a Hollywood film film.
It's basically not the test of Beijing.
And I don't think I should be, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the record crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this scanner, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, come on the bed, career?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female prostitutions?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there is a bigger number that is going to do this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music or pornography videos are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think about is that there is a lot of sexual adventures.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What do they not learn to?
They're advanced the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the video with violence, and then get the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we administrating that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare it.
We have tools to our device as a power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask you -- but I have to ask you to ask, if at the same time, active or passive, are we educating our children to keep their own male power.
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mostly to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of male is radically changing.
You have read about how new economy is changing the role of home and applesis.
It's all changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from Star Wars. Do you know what I responded to?
Obama?
Obama, Kenya and Glanda.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anybody, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son, and I see and struggle only and more stories where you see that your job is to join a team, maybe a team leading by women, maybe a team leading for women, to help other people better improve and be better people, like the OS magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I like to do was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for it.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me collapse.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying electronics, I realized that to do with my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Nico.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrastructure.
This is a place that is located in the Eastern Eastern Delta called Benjamin.
And the place, in simple sight, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we can use it by using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the old Egyptians in the old Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Atlanta, lost for thousands of years.
Atlanta was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is used in the Fain, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Atlanta was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum planning.
This area is enormous -- it's about six percent per mile.
Before, the Nick is right next to Atlanta, and as it changed over time, it turned into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a selective city in an extensively landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a shooting, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves
So we use NASA catalog data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nigeria.
But you can see more distinctively, and it's even more interesting, this slightly high area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it could be the top location.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs, you can see it here.
When I say showing you, it's like the shots of sample in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters down, under a thick thick layer -- we found a dense layer of ceremony objects.
This means that in this possible location of Ethiopia, five feet down, we have a layer of occupies of several hundred years of the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Atlanta.
We also found work of fishing, corruption, front and cat work, which proves that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem to be not too much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Greek Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a block of elite jewelry that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Atlanta here, but we'll go back to place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology, so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably written in Atlanta 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is most of all vocations.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 D.C.
It makes ideas happen really started in 1984 to C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's done.
Now you visualize a group of numbers in bicycles.
They're competing in a normal bicycle career and they're going in direction to their entry door.
I need to look at this really.
They're pulling strong, they're supposed to go out a lot.
And they go from against the door of his house.
There are bikes flying all over the place, wheels that are going on to the side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd.
On the lobby, in the hall, or what is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shining on the Montana of the Carrillo.
He's waving them with his hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue pilot making it complaint in your nose.
You can smell the flu cookie and you can get it on the mouth.
They walk on the side and train their living room.
In the room, and doing a lot of his imagination, imagine Britney Carbon.
It's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "The Man Barbari Bank Barried One."
Now let's follow the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick path, and from the oven you come to you Dorother, the man of Spiderboll, the Human and the League of "The Hand" of Hans, grab out of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Mediate.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping -- I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few days of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at just once.
The names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize with greater raising the order of a Tasmanian pack.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Copen who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "What do you realize you were a sandwich?
Ed said, "I'm not a sandwich.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's involved in this competition says they have normal memory.
"We have trained to make these miraculous acts of memory using an ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that I used Cyrus to memorize their speeches and that medieval academics used to memorize the entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have heard of this before."
We were standing out of the computer of the competition, and E. who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit oxygen, he said, "Mom, you're an American journalist."
Do you know Britney Sandy?"
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Carbon how to memorize the order in a live card barrier, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it?
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Carbon, but maybe you can teach me to me.
So, you have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also you know, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's an income, very probably the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Perious. He was based on Dutch Hollywood paper in the movie "Research Mandela."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize phone books, was secretary.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin America, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and growing wasn't a thing as rare as you can look at today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have also changed cognitive as well.
As we almost don't need to remember, sometimes it seems to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really so child, there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how to do these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the College College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it being that it has brains in some ways, structural or intriguing from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they just more intelligent than the rest of the rest ...
They gave them a cognitive test, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they would compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they memorize numbers and faces and forms of snow, they found that in memory champions they lit parts of the brain, different than others.
In effect, they used or they seemed to be used, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is held as an armed career where every year appears to someone with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Practice, three times a memory.
On his desk, in front of him, there are 36 barriers of shell sheets that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that he just mastered it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 400,000 random binary digits.
In half an hour, yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call the carrying "marketing "computer?"
He was illustrating with a paradox period known as the "standing paradise? (Audience: The next thing -- I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you that there's a man named Barried.
That's his display.
And then I say, "I think there's a "The "Child?
And when I go back later, and I asked them, "Did that word I told you a while?
"Where was it?"
The person who was told that his name is Ball is unlikely to remember the same word as the person he was told that their job is "be "searching?
The same word, different memory capacity, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Barylan name actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship.
With all the other memories that they dance for their head.
But the word "condition? We know hands.
They use simple white hats.
They have smoke in their hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some bank.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting a little bit of a little bit of things that were active to fish at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this from 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "professional device?
The story says this: There was a poet called Sympathems who attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't bring to a DNA, you hired a poet.
He stood up with his member of memory, and he got married, and so soon it was, the Nanopatch came down.
They killed everyone.
But not only do they kill everybody, but they destroy the bodies by leaving them broadly.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similar, standing outside, only survivors in the middle of the rubble -- closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where every invitation had been.
I took the family family in the hand where they were their loved beings between the rubble.
What Similan learned at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- and it's that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions word for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional memory.
If you asked me to recycle the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Simons, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the horse paralyzed brown in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and plan from images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy cold, you know, you know, you know, and standing and apple is the image, more likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you've been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk and you want to do it of memory, the same way I had done Cyrus if you've invited it to Thomas 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And I will make some kind of image of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and inflationarial image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely instinctive competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you see the Montana of the Carrillo Monterey on Mission II.
And that reminded you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Carbon to remind us that funny anecdote that they want to count.
And then they walked into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember them.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches -- not word per word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term "sink comes from the Greek Team," which means "The "David."
It's a dress of when people thought about origami and representative with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "The first place, it would be like the first place in his memory paradigm.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got back into that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something wrong about this subculture of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school park bought in a pulse market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had been waiting for it to be.
It was entropy, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is improving more and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images and cameras, predators, profitable, analogy and observational hopefully in the eye of the mind.
I love it pretty much with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of sentences and some sales of security covered with tape just two artists, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could be a good quality for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks that work.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to be built to build parties of memory or memorize chests of nature, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory parking, these memory techniques, are just atoms.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a complete kind of attention that most people don't have to exercise out there.
But the reality is that there's no shortcuts.
That's how things make memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what I want to leave you today -- the physical thing I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side, and we will be so low-cost that we don't even bother in processing in depth?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember remembering it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so let's take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from New Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents' home in a village called Liberia, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave the living room.
And there all happened to see the television. So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me. And every time I was shower and I went back on a towel.
And I was like this.
It was tortured, insecure and hated it.
I hate that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Listener.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not of division of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
It is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
The architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you do, you think of "the "sink," "The "Communication and "The Parking.
And I know you think about it in a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a description that architects use to create an emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the programming and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
It's the Linead Public Library who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this red thing, columns -- columns -- that let you get what Liberia tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet it, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries -- are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the penguin.
On one side there is innovation, architects who constantly drive new technologies, new tolste, new solutions for the current life.
We would drive, we push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black -- this depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and go back to connecting them with those apartment symbols.
So we do, and we're all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like translations. So we start to experience again, we make the press back back forward, over and over again. We have done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "Christianity?
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows in scale.
Something really very hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
Let's push the press back in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that we like and we update them.
We added net and we added passwords and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't give up.
We took Charles claims and we turned them into restrictions, which can be missionary media made of glass.
The forms are spread, they won in audacity and colorful in the way.
The entropys became columns.
The fishes grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
So possibly with a loaf of bread.
This is what happens to the post-conflict.
This is what happens to symbols.
They're easy -- they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we collect memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tom.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start making the press again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decorative.
We download the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques on the computer, and we find new composition, a few ways that are star against other forms.
This is academic and organization, and it's super to be impressive. You get totally excluded.
Normally, the pick penis again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Big George George of Billael German.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Bolivia said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics, academic and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times captured this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by two percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, September.
Everybody wanted one, and Germany was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical ways, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was getting around them, and we quickly learned that those forms mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing made the major mayor in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginnings of the new millennia.
He went to Zasa and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all architecture, and digital media began to increase the speed of the information consumption.
Think of, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is sped up, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology accelerates. You can see in the newspapers, in the TV, and at the end, we are all architecture, and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more, before you know whether you designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Bright was not a two-year movement for 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did it.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the largest revolution of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the hormone or steel or ancient -- and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply to the profiles of communication, it starts to hide more and faster, until it's going to be on both extreme extremes in simulation, and it will effectively discover the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the audience.
We can now make symbols almost inspired by emotional charge, something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was income.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Findque Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that means that two years before the building was done, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a means of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes collaborators with the collective memory, and by closing these symbols. We learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think of architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those librarians of Linead.
If that building is built, we first go to the Internet in search of libraries for "the libraries?
We would be bombarded with examples of experiments, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's men.
Musician that can lead to the mayor of Linespare, to the people in Linespan, and tell them that there are no unique answers to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use global words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer an unexpected public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't leave it by architecture.
That means that the dark press in one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of September can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical busy of red brick based on ideas of what it should be a stadium.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are moving to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for chest, or even you can stand there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of neighborhood, as musical and filmmakers like the animals that are going to see.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what it matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent, more smart.
We've been waiting for all of you to want it.
Finally, we're not in opposite sides anymore.
Find an architect, to hire and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the double-search back.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and it started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, carried as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It goes up and chart, and it gives itself those big and huge bases.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all your friends do this and my mom tells me I used to do it, and it made me think, when I stopped doing this?
How is it that we are suddenly not in love with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google, "I'm short?
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Dennerta.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time he's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
And among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or their friends of school, they tell him, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of herself -- I published it on YouTube, and I ask others please to leave a comment, "I'm nice or I'm short?
Well, until now, I have received more than 13,000 experiments.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy heroic, normal and current, who received these responses in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is doing this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chart, giving "The "The Life Like Like, I start, to share, to publish it, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected in a continuous way, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like a party in your room all night.
There is simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected -- is taking our kids to be advanced by the number of "The "I Like Like Like Love They're Like and the Charisms I get and the Charisms I get around?
There is no divide between an online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is manipulating digitally it.
What is the scariest thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context.
And where are they looking for inspiring?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are out of the news of the girls now.
The zero carving models continue to dominate our passions.
The temptation of the shredding is now a routine now.
And trends like, "Standard, Katrina, Benjamin and Spring.
For those of you who discovered it, it means to break it.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to do with what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
And the out of the subject stars of the sports and the collaborators submitted.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be individual independent.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and effort mental to their appearance, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities -- their studies and other things start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contrast to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid participating in classrooms in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five is not going to go to classes at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see good enough -- specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't worry about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, America and China.
And it goes regardless of what these young young people.
So to be well clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is depressed academic performance.
And it's also improving health.
Teenagers with a little self-esteem perform less physical activity, eating less fruits and vegetables, participating in more nonviolent diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's about all of this by what they make more risky decisions, such as alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and anti-profit damage.
The search of the perfect body is pressure to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they have again, regardless of whether they have or they have greater administration rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would this opportunity be?
Leading this potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about itself, I don't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good properties -- not realizing the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that followed our children will not just have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are points of complete part for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental -- but dealing with this problem requires each of us that we take in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
They challenge the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with the emergence of our politicians in the coast of hair or the size of their chest, or the size of their banks, or to insist that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judge people by what they are, not because they look like.
All of us can start by doing the responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was it the last time you were looking at a mirror."
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow to value all of their people, value the individuality, the diversity of it.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them the ones that go out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe they see that they are never going to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have it in mind?
Your wife, your wife.
Your sister.
A daughter ...
Your niece, your friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if he was released from that car voice in his interior, he was attacked by not having long legs, and more thin friends -- a more flat and more small chart?
What would it mean for her if we were going to put this together and we would have a lot of their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is getting us to all of us.
But let's teach our children the truth.
We show that the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and for how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we worked together like a community, from small groups to governments, so that small transitions of an age of today, they become safe change agents themselves.
Let's make it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Education, Neuron went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Merced Metrow Karachi, the leader of the Defense Jews League leader.
Al Newton initially declared it innocent -- but being pressure by other minor charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels and synchrony and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans are frustrated by a FBI informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later Neuron would be convicted by his participation in that acceptance.
Education, Nepal is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a love American mother, teacher of elementary school, between the two made everything possible for giving a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few -- even most Muslims come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require much to get to want the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are running so upset to their convictions who think that they have to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to transcendence in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I went with him the next day.
We got to the collection of the square call that, without knowing our group, I was mad by the FBI.
When I was throwing out, my father helped me hold my room in the shoulder, and I explained how to attend the goal to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave to the little orange light about the goal and for surprise of all, especially me, the whole goal is in fire.
My uncle turned to the other and in Arabic, said "I are abused."
As a parent, a child.
So, the comment was produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it was so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a composed with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking location of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and did to another 1,000.
I admire those men.
He called them "The "Come Mereer, which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone already was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class, it was often a victim of materials.
And I would build secret my identity to avoid the white, but to be the new of the class, silence and regulation, was enough men.
So most of the time was going to read books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons they don't develop social skills, to say it was supposed to be supposed to say, for growing under fansmity, it wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that I put to test my thinking was during presidential elections.
In a profitable program where you participate in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victim of material victim almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different processors.
One day, at the end of the convention, I found out that one of the kids who had made friends, was Jewish age.
It took several days to go out of light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine, and frankly I felt very proud of being able to sell the barrier that all life had been made to believe it was infantic.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush, Gabby, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had been taught that Hampanish was a sin and, by extension, all the homeless is bad influence.
By contrast, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people kind, exactly the way I would have wish to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be homeless, but I know what's going to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Bangladesh Shanghai."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my intelligence, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my focus on a moment when I was desperately necessary.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely extremely, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking of thinking, and she told me something that I would keep in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who's suffered enough with international international and said, "I'm tired of help."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate inside your inside.
My real name is not Zasasha Arabic.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put it into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody -- one day, who is trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better way. That even though I was driving me to this violent and intellectual ideology I didn't get to make failure.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against predictions.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
Because of the victims of terrorism speak, against those without sense, as I reject the actions of my father.
And with this simple I'm exposed to me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multiply film.
It's in 3D, and it has a sudden sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a bit of a story, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected before your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thought.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your consumption flow, the subject of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a own consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness also is the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of consciousness, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these films interface?
Why are we not just robots that we need to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie experiment?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to be a science of consciousness.
Science is objective, for nature.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the 20th century, they predicted that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior of the behavior, and neuroscience study the brain objectively -- but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, everything began to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsy said, "What's the moment for science to bring the consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in recent years was the search of corruptions, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work I presented Nancy Kansas a few minutes ago.
We now understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a scientific science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what it is correlated.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
They didn't offend neuroscientists with neuroscience.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Well don't you tackle the real central mystery of this matter, why does every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like empathy, like humans, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical puppets are all cases of emerging behaviors, how empires work -- how humans work, how humans work, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolism living organisms. They're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess anger, all of these questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the embarrassing, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I am a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the institution that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're going to stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations -- so we get used to this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explained part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
So we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of a animation, something we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need to need ideas that might seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennettles, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- brain behaviors -- and so you study everything you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of conscious consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfied.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
Physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks, space, time and mass.
They cost fundamental laws that government, like gravity laws, or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
In contrast, they consider fundamental and out of the world.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is clearly.
In the 19th century, Marshall found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental considerations -- space, space, mass laws -- and so positions the basic lawyers of the electronics, and the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas pressure, space, time, mass charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be post-conflict consciousness as a fundamental block of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle the path.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can get them up in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a camera.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called seals, "The Forest" for everybody, every system is conscious -- not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the motors, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think about, "I'm always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never wake up and smell the rooms."
No, so no.
But the thinking is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude feeling, subjective feeling -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How did anyone think something so crazy?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems interesting, it's much less for different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
One deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking about physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Now there are processing processing processing -- there's consciousness.
complex manufacturing processing as a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscience Girl Tombo, took this kind of theory and developing it right to mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called a light, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of pieces, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- very significant, very significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the laboratory, microbes -- particles, the degree of pin said.
The level integration level is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tomboy, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of weapon, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that the paradox can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
I described the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of equations?
From the sand vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically -- describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of advertising.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, sand vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have very serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that I had consciousness, then it should be vegetarian.
If you're a sandwich and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that I think this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in the movie "Shake?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the sandard information, she has a complicated information, integrated information, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right -- you plant very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the intelligent computer systems and the ethics of taking it off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk. Right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this complete TED group, different than the internal films of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this sand vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural town in Vietnam.
He had a very normal profile, a profile of education.
I went to school, I met my friends, I was fought with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to navigate for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low pedestrian in my mother's office, and I spent a lot of time looking at the serious series of the "State Shark and "The Show It Creates?
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that I can consider as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, I will be in the second part of the teaching in a high school school school, so only after about 20 minutes in legal studies a man raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discussing?
And I said, "What did you do?"
Well, I had been talking about the deforestation law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about international things in school?
"Well, the general thing in the act of action?
And that was when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an object of inspiration.
And we're not. And it's not a blame of the man, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manualities.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this road chair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire them, right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear decodes decorative."
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you have lied to the disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing. It's a magnetic.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exciting.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one, "Your excuse is invited? In effect.
Or this one, "Before of angry, interface?
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustainable by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term playing depressed, because it will engage a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we challenged the disability in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have taken me strange wanting to express you that you think I am brave or an inspiration source, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is connecting.
These images, those images challenging people with disability in people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things you can think.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "manager "Content depressing, which is deliberately because I was called the social model of disability -- that tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of its ability as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So it's really fair to make it in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a curiosity.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm standing here beating the inspiration and you think, "Why God, Steve, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a few blocks of barrier to pick up the things that I get off.  I learned the trick of how to load the cell phone battery in the battery battery.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis -- but against a world that is exquisitely challenging us.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest infection.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's to lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles on a stairs of stairs has never been turned into a ramp.
Never --   Sendic on a television screen will not do the survivors for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and creating a positive attitude to convert all those books into the brother.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "The Sharf Shamel" -- not considered to deserve anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability -- and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old child in a high school school is not a little surprise that their new teacher is a complete wheelchair.
Discussion doesn't make us exciting, but question what you think you know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at the augmented reality and the professional football with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a glamorous glamorous.
Unfortunately, today just answering one of those questions, so please don't fall down.
When people think about reality, they think of "The Republic of "The Report and on Tom Crows adding hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality is augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to augmented reality?
The first step, this is what I put in, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many people are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that Google Glass, they're a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what's going to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles -- the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 120 pounds of 110 feet, trying to decide with all of your being.
I've been there and I assure you it's nothing nice.
I brought some videos to show you what Google Glass is using under the helmet and giving them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of NFL practices, because the idea of emerging technology is a sub coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kleibe: Come on.
It's horrible to be tangible.
A moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Kleibe, as you can see, is a test of what's going to be taken in the football field, from the perspective perspective.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Family Marine, Match 54, mice 54.
Blue eight, blue age? Go!
Chris Kleibe: This is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NIH.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me on YouTube and Twitter and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field marketing.
Or a correction?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Golden and Google Glass, how do we get the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Osies Rick, which surely many people know.
The Rift Ocean has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created -- and it's not cheap landing.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No.
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain tends for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrianne Peter crossing the line, shouting out of a screen with the arm before they run and make an analysis? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Metroscope running down the jaw, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network, or Adophany doing a same thing in William?
What will be your experience when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic state?
Maybe you increase the swamp sales for adults.
But this is not still entirely entropy.
It's just virtual reality, R.J.
How do we achieve the augmented reality, Rule")
We're going to take the augmented reality when the companies, the machines and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it for paradism?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief review about technology at NFL technology.
In 1965, the Baltimore Poles put a market to their field marketing to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA placed radio in the helmet of the fields and then in the defense.
They had more spectrages because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player showing in front of you, in a plastic show that they carry out of it, you don't have to worry about finding a game.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate losing games.
If you lose parties you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a better strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game.
How did it do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sharps of cars and advantages, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send them.
The bad ones will have some information survey.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team of computing will be as important as your claims, and the analysis of data will stop being just for neighborhoods.
I'll be also for prototypes. Who would have imagined this?
What would it be in the field?
Imagine what the field marketing.
You get the bad and back.
You look at an open receptor survey. Suddenly a fluid on the left part of your bombsight gives you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you don't see it, but the U.K. system gives you.
Let's move to the protection area.
Another phase gives you that there's an open receptor.
They launched the balloon, but they were shouting.
And the bad man loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its view an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It showed up, it caught the toilet, running and angle.
The public and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality.
Are we going to use just as bread and circulation, like our homologically entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show somebody how it is, literally, to be on another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sporting legs.
It generates billions of revenues a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an ability how harmful their actions are from the personal personally?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be a personally?
How much is it worth for a Harriet Commons or a New York Telephone Tender trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than terrible and Karachi notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depending as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently woke up after 23 years of service at the Harvard Park of California.
And most of those 23 years in the last 23 years to patrol the southern end of the Marine County -- including the Golden Gates bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The bridge Gordon Gates was open in 1937.
Joseph Strip, the chief engineer commissioned to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is basically a super-consumer.
Superconductor from the bridge is not practical or probability.
But from his openness, over 4,000 people have jumped out to death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified like that, such that the fall from he freed you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are going on under cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every pound of four to five seconds, the body fits against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones, some of which lost life organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't normally stand in the water and then go away.
I don't think that the ones who make this suicide method realize the death of death to be facing.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches stream to the bridge.
This is where most people get before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but officials as well.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials today.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when you got a call of a suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I mean, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge officer.
Jason had only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking with Jason asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
I remember mythology Greek -- Zeal created Panton, and he sent her on Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box?
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panama, and she opened the box.
She came out of plates, shells, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope."
He stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and he left.
This great and smart boy in New Jersey had just taken away from life.
I spoke to Jason parents that night, and I guess that when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be a very good, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had been asked for them.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I asked you these questions: What do you do if a member of your family or a friend or someone love out of supercomputer?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk to you, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, buy it, or tell the person who you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just be there, you can be the inflection point you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you don't have to fear and ask the question.
One way of asking the question is, "Are you in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life, you've had these thoughts?
You confront the person in front of you can save your life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, improvise, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, the real social impact, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got a email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he's with his permission and blessed that he read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty intense, but I'm going to notice more moments of realizing that Mike will really not go home.
Mike was driving Palms to San Francisco to see the 40 with his father on January 19.
He never came there.
I called the Palm Police and I reported it as disappeared that night.
On the next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that the Miller car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jumping from the bridge at 1950 in the evening of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be desperately too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong without having a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My sentences are with your struggle.
The LHC -- the Google Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victor.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who means hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, it responds to a radio call by a suicide subject on the corner of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I crossed immediately the barrier, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next time and a half later, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day back to that lane and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new start, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it do to come back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen to it.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to give you.
"Dear Mr. Beautiful? Nothing erase the events on March 11th, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been completely media.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all of those trees that were seriously, but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
And honestly, in debt with you, Saragar Berlin."
And at the end she wrote, "Oh, when I visited General San Hospital that night, you figure out how the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is a family and active father of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act -- despite finishing their own pain, I stole the opportunity to meet me.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about beating another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
Typically, this is just about three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was James.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I broke my hand in three occasions, actually.
In the final ship, he looked at me, and he said, "Oh, sorry, but I have to go."
And jumped down.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few that you've jumped out of the bridge and live and you can talk about it, that one or two or two -- most of those people have said that at the second they left the barrier they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Martin with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that all and every one of us should be striving for doing.
Superconductor can be prepared.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but inside your inner you know what you are, and a question makes you mark. How do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since girls.
My outside of my outside of my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I would tell you later, when I look at this picture, I think, you know, you get it, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that I was just starting with.
All of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of releasing them, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or by the beliefs that surround us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this character is called revolution.
This is mine.
They recorded me like "The back because of the appearance of my genetics."
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always carrying that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, that's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to anticipate it.
The gender has always been considered an immune fact, but now we know that actually, it's something more complex and a mysterious thing.
Because of my success, I'm never going to share my story, not because I think it will be bad, but how the world treats those of us who want to release them.
Every day I thank you to be woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the shoes.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these puzzles.
I was standing in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman showed up to me, and I remember that moment as if something will blow me down. This is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing man, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transparent beauty pageant.
That night, she asked me, "Why haven't you participate in the beauty company?
He told me that if she participated her from the grasslands and the vehicle, and that night, he won a bathroom suit, he won in a gas suit and he was third of the end of over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of the refugees of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of women's beauty of women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the districts, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Films.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that I was going to be my request from the green card that could go live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Look, I'm diving.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a lesson of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put my name to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time, in the United States, it was necessary to do the surgery before we change the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license, and the name of the "Come of Gene Gene."
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a transplant, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly my fears saw minister.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of Mandela Anderson News.
A young woman in New York who was vacurities lived his truth, but he had gone out of his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global violence by the Congolese Day of the Transparency.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who are fighting and stood into the insect.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Riverside.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, expanding, so that someday there is no longer victims of North 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Great, a quick question.
George Robert. Sure. See, first, thank all my benefits.
My parents especially, my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been young, young women, who have been offered, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman."
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
That is to say, all of us are assigned a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put the table on the table that sometimes that association is not pulled, and that there should be a space that will allow people to self-destruction them -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transportation movement is embedded compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
I should have space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for her daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mall started their campaign for education defending their rights in 2007 -- and when their efforts were harnessed in 2011, the National Prize Prize Prize was made very famous -- a very popular girl in their country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but I'm now his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of the infection, the inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when the birth of a girl, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not good, not for your father, or your mother.
The neighborhood comes down, gives her confidence to the mother and no one happiness to the father.
And a mother is really overwhelmed by having a girl.
When you give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he comes down, and with the hope of a son, when he climbing his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter -- when they grow, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when he should go to school, he stays at home and school admit his brother.
Even the age of 12 years, in some way, has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when he comes into the teenager, when he was 13 years old, he was being produced to leave her house without a male approach.
It's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family and his family, and if they tried the code of that honor, he could even kill her.
And it's interesting that this assumption code, not only affects the life of a young man, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother sacred the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's a normal norm of the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl must be very quiet and very humble and very supply.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be called straight.
It's supposed to be silent and accepts the decisions of his father and her mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if he doesn't want to.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if the marry with an old man, it has to embrace it, because it doesn't want to be a self-interest.
If you get the very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, I call it desperate.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a political, "The home," the end of it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters ...
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
He loved brothers and sisters, when Malaysia, and for the first time, believe me, I didn't like the newly nation, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honest.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaysia of Mashary, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at it, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "The "Talkard."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention the adoption of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriotic societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for life as a child.
Institutions in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
One admitted to school means that he has entered the dreams of dreams and aspirations, where he can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five brothers, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when they were about the Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the footsteps of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my written sisters in any document.
That was why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the wisdom of my daughter.
I encourage you to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I have tried insights in his personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Mala.
I've implemented all these good values in my school to girls and kids for it.
I used education for the emotion.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the sequence of the seals.
You want siblings and sisters -- fighting for more rights for women, and fighting to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It's called Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political activities, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls are banned to go to school.
Women are forced to use versions and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls were shamed and the sales sand.
They took millions of them, but a few talked about it, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and select when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malaysia, and it was raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, volunteered herself for the New York Times, and I talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads like a climate around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the nine of October of 2012, they would shoot to burn them on the head.
It was a family day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was desperate between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "I would blame it for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And he was very like, "Please don't blame you."
They define the right cause.
You put your life into the cause of the truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter will inspire you and join you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protecting it.
These few words mean a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and I had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained up.
I used to say, "I'm well with my smile to take and with the embarrassment in my face.
I'll get right. Please don't worry.
It was a constant for us, and it was consumed.
You want siblings and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women, it's like any 16 years old.
He cried when he didn't finish his job.
They fight their siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has made so audacious to Malaysia so brave and expressive and economic?
I mean, I don't wonder what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut your wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Month-was group, where I've had a division to my charge, the disconnect of Google X visualization -- but all the work I'm going to talk about today about brain science, I did before I join Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you go to a brain operation.
Is it just like intelligent or not?
If you won't be like this, you can be intelligent?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what a number to take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, they die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to keep alive.
More than once I've saved me by little.
But luckily, I have a soul of extraction, so I decided to experiment to try to get the dose in the last time because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in defense.
I started testing with different mixes -- and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my automation, my sense of who I was me, my way to think about my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a man of five, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fundamental, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I believed that it was the smartest person around the world, and --  --  --  -- a lot of times in the past I've met several kinds of things like that, or maybe some active versions of it.
It turned out as an end.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a adult.
In fact, I was trying to try and get a problem that I had in front of it, and it just didn't happen like that.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my doses changed.
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do, when I approach those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my forest of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do you get those mental images that I used to create brainstormal medical brainstormals, if you want to create new ideas and come back situations and come back.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophy like Humper, Desphology and Hospitals see things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, to me is simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I can find the point right now, and I have lots of great mental womans -- really, really vividly and good structure.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use their imagination just to direct the world that has the front.
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people are creative can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increasing the resolution of our systems of scanning school.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two recent groups in neuroscience.
They both use MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan made by George Gandhis and their Harvard colleagues in Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person looking at an image.
The column of the medium shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by restoring the contents of the central column of the left on the left. You see that the difference is almost number.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost number.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Galapagos in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into visual fields.
Put them this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were hiding their brains to create a great shortage of brain reactions on the video sequence.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while you were so recorded a new scan of it.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan to show what appeared that the person was looking at.
On the right you can see the controls of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This gave us battlefield.
We're okay to do it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, it's created in the brain the same map.
This is conducted with the biggest resolution systems of the biggest resolution today, and their resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we get it?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't hear about that.
A lot of people are providing new techniques of projection for images -- even me, with the recent result of MRI -- first we should ask the next thing: this technology will be the end of the way."
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, the most big magnets only offers small improvements in resolution -- not increase for thousands of how we need to.
I propose this idea, rather than bigger magnets -- let's make better images.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different reserves like doing a spiritual.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in the bottom of engineering and brilliant solutions in encode and decorative, in the transparents and the frequencies of frequency rainforests in MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a unified magnetic field, we used structural magnetic patterns subject to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the processing processing of fruit frustration, we can increase a massive form of information that can be extracted in a single scanner.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands we need.
By using the IDEO we should be able to measure not only the floor of opinion, but the of the hormones and the thermostat that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrelevant to use as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and disease.
We have few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that they would take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay clothes.
I think we all have a closed.
Their waste may be telling some person for the first time that love or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have caught in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary, the experience of having lived and having come out of that closet, is something universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Water Carter, a restaurant in the city, and I would be there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the military military, not to wake up my armpits -- quote the letters of Ann Di France as a letter.
And I would be feeling that by the humble of my short screen and to have rented my head recently, I was asking for a small child, "Hey, are you boy or girl?
And I would see an awkward silence on the table.
I took my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a drop of anger.
The father would shoot the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold looking at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I'm going to go through it.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a boy or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and was about to come back in the female issues at the table.  I had the quotes of Betty French.
The Global Steven quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
And so I breathe down and I looked at my gaze and my back a four year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist smoke, just a girl with a question, "Are you boy or girl?
So I breathe back back and forth, and I stood up near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confident thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I saw a little boy, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pandemic.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a commercial pink.
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pandemic is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a screen, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pandemic that I say?
It was the easiest conversation of all ever had.
And why? Because the child of the swamp and I, both of them, we were honest with one with the other.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some zeros in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how you feel living in a closet.
That's how my blood is not different than you or your yours or yours.
In fact, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet, was more difficult than coming out of it, but this is the issue -- how hard it is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has been declared in pink banking is harder to say that it has been everyday.
Who can tell me that this story that says is harder than telling your five years of five who are going to divorce you?
There's no more difficult thing -- there's only how hard.
We have to stop rating what is difficult to do with what it is difficult to do something that is difficult to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in clear, and you can make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are, a weapon is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, that I had a horse tail, a dress and high shooting.
It was not the military regular lesbian to fight any of the age of four who went into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, an athlete in a corner of my dark clothes to send my family grain, and moving it only a muscle is the most animation that ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not decode, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a currency that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that great, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable recording launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of us between the invited knew that I was gay, and by doing my honor lady, in my black dress and tablets, walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me were years ago.
And after I talk about a moment, one of the women scream "Oh, "The National Lab on Named Said."
And the battle of the gay net had started.
"Ma, ever been in the Carden?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fantastic.
"You know my stable Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having nice.
"What is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Grave.
And you know who love us? Jack Jack.
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, including it, but in order to show desperately his support, to make it know that he was on my side, he finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink chess."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the big games.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt mentally.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were spreading out.
And what else can you ask someone, but specially special?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not going to be my strong point.
Ask anyone I have come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Chile of Pants.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but understand that what it means coming out of any suit is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the broken. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armed, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, the other ones must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just let me answer your paradigms.
If you know you're gay, you know.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they keep hope that that could change.
I don't give you a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  Let me the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They are also arguing about that.
And some of them can come out of insurance safe, and they go through what they've done, but they never apologize by what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel decorative, but that's something in them.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find it in a dark, you have a grandchildren, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but you're not.
Thank you, Bob. Enjoy it.
Interestingly, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen the intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote from Edison Diamond that "The question of whether a machine can think about is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can shoot."
When Edinburgh Diarris wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you are from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth and the Earth's intelligence -- but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrible, we know that reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth intelligence -- it would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how to a certain time in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet miserable to stop doing it.
And so I claim this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through several disciplines, that I think -- to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be honest to the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for developing states that maximize the diversity of future possible.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together together, I asked -- since many years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different things?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of an E and = feet for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force -- F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keeping the open choices, with a diversity -- with the diversity of the future accessible, yes, to an impending future time, the tablet.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
Internet is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having to account this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How powerful is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence.
Do you predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more destroying, or "The "Dear Professor, for their life to have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that kind of conceptual common connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called University, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is in the inside.
Amazingly, Indian could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even making money sharing action, all of them without having been indicated to doing that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Just like a human foot without the falls, here we see England balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
He just decided on his mind balance the post.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In the same way that some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from a string of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Indian can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
And entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illuminating their potential for play.
So here we see in England orbiting new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeping the network well connected to success.
This same network office capacity also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see England organizing the routes of a bag of ships, discovering success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England spontaneously discover and execute a computer strategy, selling them in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under their exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Windows. What you've seen is that a variety of serious cognitive behaviors, such as tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the work "The "Tomorrow" was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber revolution.
Machines were raised against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then machines and try to take out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking the control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the search of the goal.
I often ask me, how do you look for targets to get away from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquer of stars and losing the planet we call "the plant."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth on the context of the universe.
The NASA Kelly mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which is that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their stem star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rich like the Earth's planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this tension of potentially habitation, our own planet is coming under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, it was the hottest recorded.
Grandish and sea ice that have been with us from the millennia, now they're disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have been rapidly supposed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of the weather -- no astronomical.
I study the profiler of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where discovering life beyond our planet.
You could tell alien opportunities in the international sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for similar planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet, and the planets we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world to show this by a mission like Kevin.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly is why we studied so much to Mars.
Our rules like "The "Tomorrow" restore its surface in looking for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit them, like the Maryland mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Hairobook.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the tempting chance of living on Mars.
But despite all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the value and pioneering ideas compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still to collaborate -- places really elaborate compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and largest places of the Earth, the air is fresh and it takes out of oxygen.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets are crossing a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this indigenous anti-computer of the only planet that we know is truly harvested, Earth.
For a lot that I like international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the rate of the Titanic will tell us that the party actually will be a place later in the battlefield   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and the Earth's preservation is not contradictable.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as extraterrestrial landscape.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and sharp areas of the ground, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the paradox of Ferris.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked me, to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, one possible solution to the Fergen paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of the important thing to protect the origin of planets that drives this development.
It's arrogant to think that just international colony will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the Hairy on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pocket, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought to call a ceramic, at least I had my cell phone, but in midnight, a closed could take a lot of time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I prefer from my passport and my bag.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a middle speaker at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went out well.
I'm a neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corrupting releases that increase heart rhythm, and modulate levels of adrenaline and cloud the thought.
And when I got to the passionate in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in its place, that would suggest that it was going to happen.
Or at least if bad things happen, that they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't collect me.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kansago, and a little bit embarrassed I talked to him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called professional reform.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kleibe, who had written this a few years before, known as a pressure as well.
You all know what the police is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the presentation, as Danny explained -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could come wrong, next, try to figure out what it can do to prevent things that happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a present.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so episode.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I would describe a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds from common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, who are using the friends of the fruit and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes through the London taxis.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the random sense of the squirrel and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys of the car, reading glasses and passions.
So at home they have a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passion, a particular class.
For their reading glasses, a particular delight.
If you make a place and you're writing it with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about traveling?
They take a picture of their credit cards, behavior line, passionate them, send them to email themselves so they are in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, it can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases corruption.
Corrupt is toxic and entities thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there are perhaps not more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is laughing as a proportion for all of medical decisions -- and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which is beneficial a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attacks, brain delivery.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to make a drug that will help you reduce the collection, a station."
And perhaps you've heard about the statistics, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, settlement statistically."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that you have to ask for which most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the U.N., the number required to treat.
And what is this, the NIH."
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical processing before you help a person.
And it must think of what kind of statistics that are destroying is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor didn't recognize me if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the blame of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But Ghanaianse estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number required to treat the most widely recognized, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before help a person?
300 percent.
This according to the research of civic researchers Jerry Greek and Paul Harvard, continuing independently by Michaela.
I would explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, or a brain stop or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one chance in 300 to lower my colleagues.
Why not, doctor, I define the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it is, "Get out of the secondary effects? Right?
For this particular drug, side effects occur at five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, depressing muscle pain and artificial, painful pain -- but you think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still taking the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So you think about how you allocate this over time, so you don't have to manufacture the chain of reasoning.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out of the drug that you help your drug help you.
I don't say they should or not take the status.
I just say they must have this conversation with their doctor.
Method ethics requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to access this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number need to be quite typical.
For the surgery that most of the men are done in the top of 50,000 men, the number of prostate for cancer, the number required to treat it is 49 percent.
This is how 49 surgeries per person who has helped up.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
Those include the pressure or distributed dysfunction -- original incentive, record legislation, fecal engineering.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the present is to think about before time the questions that you can afford to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because of a choice that you have a lot of times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with your family and your loved ones.
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases coral under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator is not necessary the digestive system, or the loss or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, they don't react to raise. They could be the lunch of lions so none of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thought like Danny Kansago and his colleagues have shown up.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defenses.
We're all going to fail at every time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures -- to put the systems in the place that help them minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things that happen in the first place.
Rent at the night of the snow in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor introduced me to a combination next to the door, with a keys of the front door, in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "This is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing supposed to play.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a "The party in the party, you need to touch more substantially.
Two one, even further.
Four -- extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree of "The Theater There is no matter how many thousands and thousands of the case may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system, AIDS, besides a little bit of my own story.
French sign language came over the 1970s, and over the step of time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed by the language that we know today as AIDS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born surface, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a single person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following its rules, costs, behaviors and rules without questioning it.
So how do I understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my analogies and expanding sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to them.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't add the door?
"Don't do a lot of noise about eating the potato falling battle."
"Not architecture," and when you're eating it, you're not going to bring your covers on the dish.
All of this is called sound "memorial?
Maybe I think of sound label more than the average person does it.
I'm a sound of sound.
And I'm always waiting with nerves the sound, which is for coming next.
Hence this drawing.
TBP: To decide.
TBP: To keep going.
ADHD.
You can see that the penguin doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines are already contain sound through the subtle and the tanks.
In social culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "The Shakespeare at AI.
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, to me, doing the self with my thumb like this is not natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditorium.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it typically, or experience visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and disappear.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I present it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was something from an listener.
And the sound is so powerful that well I could go back to me and my artistic job, or I could be empowered to me.
I chose to be empowered.
There's a massive culture around the language of spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same way and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with lots of different internations of AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary way of value something like to take a loan with a very high rate of interest.
If I wasn't going to continue with this practice, I feel that I could wake up in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AI.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressed in paper.
And the same thing can tell you from a concept at AI.
The two are very spatial and highly model what means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning both of the signals as sound.
I would like to share a photographer of the piano, so that you understand what the AIDS works.
So, imagine a piano.
Anthem is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you take a different parachute for each finger as the piano hits the piano, as the facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand and so as you play the piano, English is a linear language, as if you hit only one keyboard at a time.
However, the AIDS is more like a corner, you need the 10 fingers in a simulated way to express a clear concept or idea at Ahh.
If only one keyboard would change the sidewalk, it creates a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with the music in terms of tone and wheat and volume.
At Ahh, by using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal "should on that."
This is the "The "Terribly on that?
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was catched.
Oh Oh.
What are you looking for?
Ah, enough.
So I started thinking, and if I look at AIMS through music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
So for example, this is the sign of "The Sun comes out and gets possible.
This is "The Day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you see it as a piece of music.
All the day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you from "The Nobel High."
"All the night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about a few different kinds of nights, "Well, "The Nobel Hall "Have Now."  "There's the night?
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed at AIDS, and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one is a hand, two two, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is "I have a lot of time."
Then, "The one to the last one and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, "I have one time."
"The common term is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by common."
However, when I see the word "computer "Tomorrow" I think automatically in "The same time."
Look at me, right hand -- E, hand hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
(Audience: My Mayo game -- (Music Chinese) (Audience: The Bush." I am going to show you a way in the hand called "The The Tumor" For Man."
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with the hands at high.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head like the chest, sort of like "The Common Common" or "The Same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "Lewis in the international system.
The international system as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I would like to teach you is this: Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "Christianity, at AI.
Now, third percent. Please keep me again.
And again.
It's "Terrified, at AIDS.
Let's do the three together.
"I will say, "Paragrad, and "The "Computer?
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how AIMS is alive and proposed, like music.
However, today, we live in a very advanced world.
And only because the AI doesn't have sound, automatically it has no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow AIMS to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And perhaps people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Ahh: I don't have to hear to learn music.
The AI is a rich tender, and I would like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dentisha Katrina? Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You have to instill everything, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a bubble of ignorance -- I must say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also commit and they are not very good at cleaning each other.
The time, now I'm an adult and teaching citizens and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach transition with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizen, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I don't give it.
It's sad to say, but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a strangely dramatic.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bubbles and networks to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with age six to 15 years, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with anti-computer work so that kids are very lucky as well as they can participate.
And I'm going to tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine it into something we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, just collecting information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are really excited with robots.
Then we created very quickly what we call "Professor prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras in access and we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on the board processing this image and measuring the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step into a website called "Concerned -- with the hope that someone gets better even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and forth, they're trying to solve it immediately.
(Music ends) But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, you see the Internet, and you get together with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning an oil spill -- only using the hands, in Saturn, the world's largest manipulation of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink -- it's the water where it was based, the water where you fight, the place where you live.
You can also see that water is brown and mud and oil are also of brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectacular, which allows you to look at what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can replace through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We set up this prototype with a sensor and send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and its sense of creativity to help other children.
I was forced by a problem at a distance. I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and middle frameworks, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called technologists, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant in Fukushima, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean translates to cosmic pollution.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Muslim everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time it looks safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Muslim every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring kids to children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported to the control center, here you see the use of different muscles.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with radioactive all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data by collecting that day and we talk about what we were going to do after, the strategies and the insect, etc.
And to do this, we create a collaborative map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevator map, we introduced paintings to represent data in real time of radiation, and we reject water to simulate rain.
With this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system and designed in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles away from nuclear center, and with the aid fish aid we were collecting marine milk sediments with a separation tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit so small so that we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the Hong Kong center and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical fibers, you can basically build it all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Acceleration, Afghanistan."
Center Hampanistra, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles.
The plastic and oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators -- substances, we should prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two trained cells, two radically opposite design.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is important about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Minister said that when he looked at the market in brutal, he saw a figure that struggles for being free.
The bin was only Missing Minister tool.
But living beings are not comfortable.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information it takes for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturers of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have documented a world made from parts -- they gave the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a discrete parts of different functions.
But you don't find a hunger material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are dragonflies with diamond ports.
The strings in the back are more grandmothers with little portions.
You act primarily as a filter, the other primarily as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, no angry.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of explosion.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect by working on the right between the commercial and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the entrepreneurship and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and systems, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, really coming out of the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why couldn't it be possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where you trust four disciplines that offer access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, of large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 feet of diameter with a basic basis that one day not very distant print buildings and graphic buildings made of genetically engineered buildings that shine in the dark.
So here we've reinvent the church, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each open open is only to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a flat. This was for a Paris fashion department with Iraq van Veronica. It's like a second skin made from one piece, rice in the contaminations, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing printing 3D printing printers, we print this layer and 3D failure without costs between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microbes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Chile scan.
That designers have access to this ancient resistance of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a structural time, comfortable and also to absorb sound.
Professor Carter Carrie, my collaborator went back to nature to inspire them, and by designing this pathogen of the stream surface, it becomes supermarket.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in record, opposing and color, corresponds to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not by adding another material or another contract, but variable continuously and dramatically material property.
But it's the ideal nature of it?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she said, "In the third day of Creativity, God sent the Earth to grow a failed tree carrying fruit from fruit?
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow with branches and cortex, bats and flowers.
The land created a world made from parts.
I often wonder, "What would the design be if the objects were made of a single piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creating?
So we found that the biblical material -- the kind of material of the fragile tree with fruit and we find it.
The second most abundant biosphere on the planet is called the curve, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and schools and markets.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multi-to-four structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marriage.  We asked a lot of charges of shrimp and motivations and productivity passengers.
variable chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of property from dark, hard and opposite, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at a big scale, it was built a system with multiple boundaries of extra collapse collaborative.
The robot could vary the properties of the material and create these structures made from one material three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic plastic?
The air bubbles that were a proposition of the printing process was used to contain physical microorganisms, which came for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators in Harvard and MIT, we put the bacteria designed genetically to capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh video brain, and if they move even more, to windows.
A fragile tree loaded from fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of cards in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed for biodiversity, put in the sea, feeding the marine life, and placed on the ground, helping grow a tree.
The advertising for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We are looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate the bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we made our own expert table, new forms of life created completely manufactured formaldest and biomimicry in a biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology such as liquid literacy, only instead of transmitting precious metal, is synthesized new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microscopes.
The first is cybercriminal.
It lives in our oceans and in the sweet water.
And the second one, E, color, the bacteria that was in the human intestine.
A turning light in sugar, the other consumer consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
To keep these relationships, we have created a single channel that looks at the digestive tract that will help that they flow these bacteria and they alter their function of way.
So we began to grow those channels in the human body, changing the properties of material according to desired function.
If we wanted more photographs, we have more transparent channels.
This distributed digestive system, when they stretch from one end to another, it was 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our destinational intestine.
And here it is, as a principle at TED, our first photographer pollen, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shanghai said, "We have a complete fashion creatures, only half is done.
What if design provides the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that will scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and suspend our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
By now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
grow, Adam with sophistication.
This card call, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it was metaboling.
The fabrication is not about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations do.
An act as a structure, the other one is glue or matrix, using those fibers to each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is being presented in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to hypersense a computer computer.
The tension and the compound -- the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hydrogen.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch -- not within a box, we realized that I hydrogen a flat captain and still harmony self-controlled.
So we started designing different environments, different sands, and we've discovered that the way, the composition of the captain -- is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often miss the silk worms up to death within their caps, their silk is driven and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates we could shape the dry silk without a single captain.
They were self-assembled and we could create these things.
So we set up this process to the architectural scale.
We had a skill robot, making silk planning, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated towards more dark and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get to the oceans.
We have 6,000 pounds of silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to hypertensi with us.
We carefully put them on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and while hydrogen, crowd, they mate, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and he was right.
So the ridiculous silk silk on the broken silk, giving all this pavilion in its strength.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 miles of silk, 2,000 miles of silk.
In a symmetry curiosity, this is also the length of the silk route.
Polishes, after the equality, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could use for 250 extra pandemics in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A spider silk through a robotic arm, the other empty one.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which led us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in the design, which demands us, for the first time, that we make ourselves charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you "What you want to be a missing?
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked them this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you want to be a biggest?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be a missing?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English, the sticks and the art and developed websites, also, playing the guitar in a punished band called TV Free.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to try and pursue anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of being believed, this feeling of, is no longer a challenge, it comes to us.
And I have to leave you.
But then I'm interested in something else, which is totally different, and I get up in it, and I let me absorb and I'm like, "Yes, I've found my God, and then again this point where I start to be bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because it wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all my other passions and rescue to bored.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something bad about this, and something bad about me not to define anything.
I worry about having a fear of engagement, or being distributed, or attractive or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to be able to do that.
Ask yourself, where they learned to allocate meaning or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it, you learned from culture.
We say, "What do you want to be a missing?
It's about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what we respond to that age.
It's considered an naive question to deliver cute answers in children like "The astronaut, or "The Association of Banglades," or "I want to be piles."
They put the distribution of Harrifting here.
And this question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, and so on, high school students are asking them to pick up in university.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a missing?
It's going to happen to be the cute exercise of before what you remove your dream.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream what they might be, they didn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite thing, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you get a good amount of internal adults and say, "Oh, what nice but you can't be artificial and psychology.
You have to choose to choose ...
This is Dr. Bob Children --                                                                
And this Amy News, a magazine editor becoming illustrated, entrepreneurs and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All I hear is that they're going to have to choose to.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real volcanity, the idea that each of us has something that you will spend for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and lots of different things that he wants to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a military.
A multi-talk is someone with a lot of interests and creative activities.
It's a book that I say.
It could help if you divide in three parts and multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as an edge, remote.
During the Recording period, the ideal was who was okay to see in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shoot refers to us as "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
I use any term that you like or invent your own.
It seems like a kind of advance to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the Muslim as a limitation or a license that you have to sell.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be this way.
Here are three multi-to-four surfaces.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
SS: Hey and Rachel Bing expressed his shared interests in cartoonist, value visualization, materials, mathematics and design, when he founded Mexico.
Mexico is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
And Sard and Rachel came up with this unique idea of its mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
There are the new ideas.
And multiplexing multiplexing, with all their antibiotics, they can access a lot of these data points.
The second multi-to-four superpower.
When the multi-tasks are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we have learned to every new area that we lost, so rarely we start from zero.
Norwegian Dan is a full-time journey and written independent.
As a young piano girl, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanics known.
Before becoming a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when they started their practices -- and this ability to help write compelling launches for publishers to write.
It rarely is a loss of time to do what you're attracted to, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-to-four superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Canada is sometimes director of videos, other websites, sometimes the website, sometimes constantly consumed from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fifty Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and intensively that these are the individuals and organizations that can migrate to satisfy the needs of the market, which actually thrive.
So systems of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability -- three skills where multi-to-four is very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're pressure to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging multi-tasks to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-to-four problems, and we need creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they're in their heart, specialist.
They came out of the belly, knowing that they wanted to be negotiated neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialist and a manufacturing multimedia.
Space can dive deep deep and put into practice ideas, and multi-minute offers an arsenal of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that replace how we are connected.
And unfortunately, multi-to-four bioluminescence are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you take from this talk, I hope that it is this, you get the internal wiring -- whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist -- then especially in the media.
That's where you give the best of you.
But for the multiplexing in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, you know with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity by those comet marriages.
They explore the interventions.
To embrace our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplies, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1947, a woman named Australia took him to a psychiatrist in French.
Autonomous determined and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor is called Alberto.
Alaska didn't know how to help Atlanta, but I was seeing it until it was unfortunately passed in 1955.
After his death, Alice did an automobile and found strange and hidden plates in the Austrian brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alice gave him 130 years ago.
Alask was Dr. Alice Alzheimer's Dr.
And Australia Desper, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1965, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect ourselves from the infections -- many treatments for cancer, anti-computers for HIV, status for charges and much more.
But it's been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, they affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of African will be almost one in two.
In other words, there's the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or to be loved with Alzheimer's work.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its cost cost an increase in five times in 2050, as you get older, the generation of the boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, the Alzheimer's the only one that can't prevent it, cure or even slow their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the cancer research that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, the Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 130 years, everybody, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just have to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to getting a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused significantly the life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird overlooks in the brain of Austrian a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made from protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are penguins.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules pay each other, forming groups that can form big plates and eighth.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this disease works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identity of what step steps is complex, like a bomb.
Collecting a cable could do anything.
It can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that are specifically blocking this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in worms of it.
These are healthy worms -- and you can see it moves with normal.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick each other inside them, like humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they know and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 110 years of wait, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to sell the Alzheimer's hope, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to convince us that Alzheimer's a disease, and that if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and families have gotten more research and expressive pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators industry.
That was essential to move to HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved beings day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Atlanta, who can't create the change that they need for themselves.
They help me talk about them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the Columbia Museum of New York Times, in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple. Two strange strangers are taken to ask 36 questions and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And ...
As they move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like it? Tell your partner what you get from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the climb that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, it was also invited.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with somebody who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent her to the Love Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already a lot, so I guess some of you probably ask yourselves -- follow together yet?
And the reason I think you think about this is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like much, and those were usually just from my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousand views.
And that makes a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, he had no idea.
The article was released online, a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already called me the Shary Show and the Google Montana America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with symphony about our own love, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of an has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- they were always doing the same question: Are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email in my email with the phrase, "Can you follow together."
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked me.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman scream to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your nice novel?
And I immediately put red.
I understand this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have taken life on it.
In fact, the New York Times published a common article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public app together.
I recover television interviews, and I looked back at pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the introductive icon of the process of engagement, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute grades.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce love, not just an adventure, but real love, love to forgive me.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just just a few months, and I felt, especially that people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we're going to follow together or not, and also tell you ...
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Arab wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I would look at the advertising advantage between college students, using what Andy called suspended personal openness, progressives and recording.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were feeling more close after doing that, and several poster studies also used the Amazon Rapid protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, that combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- was quoted in this article -- but unfortunately it never occurred.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with the shipping -- I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling.
And I said, "Do you mean you fall in love with the person who you did it?"
Well, he made a pause here.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but did they become better friends.
Do you feel that I could get you better after testing the study?
The association.
So it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looks for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it's about love.
I took my study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was basically my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I flew in science.
I invented everything I could find on romantic love science, and I expected that that could somehow empty the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought that just research for the book I wrote -- but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I was married with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel like I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relative.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than what I really can demand to me.
What I look for from love is a guarantee -- not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but that I'm going to keep being loved.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There can be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very scary story, because love makes us feel wonderfully but also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, are still still together?
And its content with a response of yes or not.
So more than a question, I propose we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How would you stay in love when things are competing and how do you know when you cut and distant?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a year ago, and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fell in, still following together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
And that's the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We stayed in love because we took the choice to be done.
And I was kind of a little bit about reading me now, not because it wasn't true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was supposed that choice.
I don't think how many times we would make that decision, and how long it would have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous and nice, and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done instead is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe in.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lengths on a mountain and in a way I got a forest of the forest.
Something that really affects me to the city of New York City --  Something that really affects me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and I buried a dollar bill and a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has a lot of grace. Because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of oxytocin and make surfing and all of those weird things, and I was doing a cut for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw out all the pages and I made a kind of cultural cells on the style Agnes Martin -- the retina covers and a bee was trapped away.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and is allergic to them, so I add more residents on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite, somehow it seemed to increase in size, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying letter.
So I did -- I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs and strange bottles that I would find around the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow travels, draw the same way around a spot in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own paralyzing talent of specialists.
First, boots, that you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Scottique.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, separate sizes of natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing, I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resident was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the retina.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, which I call "The "Talk."
For the "disaster," I was inspired by a big measure in "The Garden of Defenses -- Birlian Bassing which is a painting in the Museum of the Separa in Spain.
You know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the thing. I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the landscapes.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals are traveling between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this individual infrared mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animals are headed to the face, ready to commit in mass on the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to an acceptable.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Hollywood platform of the spill, Walker, the Osama Bin Larre, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of multimedia.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in one hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a micro-controlled being keeping the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the "map?"
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then when you go to the other side, it has a tragedy, like a bird little bird, and you spit clouds of this trap.
It also has a fish of half a long time of snake that binds the "disaster?
Anyway, his tail is losing fire in a volcano on a fly.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a high-tech balloon made of terrorist cards of 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very advanced to their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "The "Christianity."
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazine.
But each act as a kind of an archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking years.
Each one is basically a birth of microscopes that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the entrance in.
They will take you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever, or whatever you have, a kind of analog thing.
It's a quick review of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body game by half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and go into the head of this strange statue space.
There's a little forest scene inside the toxic charge.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a box of blocks. It's called Pinch World.
Within this box is a physicist -- a neuroscience, a painting -- a music, a writer, a radio success, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that diffuse all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We lie the box and all the people inside each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness and genetically all we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
They take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first on the stomach, the insects and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and Indian system so that any drug is in the body.
The despair, though, is that when you swallow any drug that is distributed.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs that are served to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they take to get to the blood stream, they spread down, and even worse for the time they take in their destination, which is where it's more important, at the HIV Desert.
These are bodies of the body like the lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incredibly incredibly increased in the blood length of patients that are held to therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a life treatment of life advanced by the way.
One day, I felt and I thought, "Could we make treatment directly to the protection of the virus, without the risk of distribution of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in adventure, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, you can use for anything, including the intangible transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce the drugs.
The best you ask, "How is that possible?
We sent a little law and powerful laser on cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscope.
Before you even realize it, the hole is immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incident at the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insight that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV of the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researcher, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed groups of states, armed organizations like terrorists, interviews or military.
They document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand better to these agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between the states and non-lethal actors.
For example, from the 110 peace arrangements signed between 1975 and 2011, 1960 would be signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, even we need to engage or defeat it in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the non-lethal policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Library High, known for his violent engineering against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Heigui has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hampan, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also awarded the Gaza Francisco Francisco from 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting away.
They're multiplying.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Madis magazine in English and advertising to recruit it.
Art groups also invest in a complex recording of funds without satellites, but by regulating businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to get better and build their brand.
Art groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they run hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbial training programs.
Helicopter offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population to offer something that the state doesn't provide and security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ripped out by the war or even the beginning of the rise of the Asia, can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an unsustainable price price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 2009 can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hypersent.
They grow up because they fill out of the government, and they emerge as armed groups and politicians, participating in violent struggle and giving governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are -- less we can categorize it as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Heling?
So Sunday part of a territory would take all of their functions -- pick up the trash, take the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a reducing group.
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
What is Himlandra?
The lines were disappeared.
We live in a world of states -- with no state and hypersense, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in no military tools.
To fill that governance vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and preserve peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives offer to foster the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-story actors, military power can win some battles, but not give peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a female.
My opinions about gender equality are verb, but I fear that they would openly accept the "disagree Tanman Take It would be unfair for feminists."
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I became a bad feminist for me.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Balloon And then in the interviews, people started calling the Mars.
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself, and a deliberate career has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about females, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people in the insect that could be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was an acceptance, a taboo word and unexpected.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, female, and also, proud of it.
For me, certain claims are irrelevant, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same substance for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free and violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without any need for legislative control or electronic documents.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities in account.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality and social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how we affect it, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession here.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music beating it all volume.
Even though the letter is degraded to women, and I hear me deeply -- the classic "Shake Shakespeare," from the Ninker Man Tunsmakes is incredible.
"I do a reality with your moving camera."
Person, dance, move until you hurt the container?
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortality by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also kill insects, the collection of garbage and the care of the chair and the manufacturing maintenance of the cat.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Baghari," and romantic comedy comedy comes, and I have pictures of the stories of the stories that are actually made.
Some of my areas are more destined.
If a woman wants to adopt their husband, it's their choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their kids, I accept that election, too.
The problem isn't that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is convinced so that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to be elected.
we solve this problem.
He rejected conventional feminist that has ignored or distilled the needs of women's women, workers and gay and transgendered women, and white women, helicopters, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist -- I'm a very bad female.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put desperate feminist in a pedestal.
We hope to destroy perfection.
When they decided, we had a lot of taste from the same pedestrian where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I've already considered me from that pedestrian before you try to put there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as females.
They are afraid of putting foot and saying, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear to what that tag means -- for fear unless you can be able to match the little realistic expectations.
Take a look at Bible, or like I call it -- the God.
In the last few years, it's a decline female.
In the Vietnam August Vietnam video in MIT, it acts in front of the word "searching, three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop holding openly the feminist and to know women and men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
It spent the time, cultural critics started internationally debating whether Big was or not necessarily female.
They captured their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demanded perfection of the feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much contradiction a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, to destroy it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist -- or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We go from recognizing our implications to realize stories, going to action and being a little bit more brave.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we choose change to affect their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why do you have their music that will be so permanent?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces of three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant and also very brave. I want you to grow up in a world.
So where you learn to the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is being used as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program tries to be sexual violence against women as a sports -- the Game of Transistors.
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to cinema on another part when movies are not treating women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a boat string.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include an enough number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people?
Those of us who are supposedly, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision.
Because we're not women women, without these efforts, without adding these positions -- our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, the people in the direct power and profit and music producers and the college, the legislations, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also claim with our feminism -- well, bad, or any old.
The last line of my book "The Femining Book," he says, "You can be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and my feminism helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A few kids would bend me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They were treated as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
I stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminist -- I also discovered that if it was a little brave -- another woman could hear and see that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, holding the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit brave when you need to be a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 13 children in California had been supply for having visited Disneylands or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then passed the border with Canada, including over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something supposedly worse, the autism.
But a moment, it was not the article that unleashed politics about autism and desperate vaccines, destroying and marked by being a fragment by the British Medical Journalist?
Do you think the majority of intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stubborn."
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put their children in their own autism.
Why?
So here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism is considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it created all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting away.
And the funding organizations like autism Santa are routinely referring to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could get away from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask the people in the Center of Disease Control in Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "the extra diagnostic seats, and "The Better Cases of cases, to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother who was looking at the face of his two years of two years, visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand it, why were they so robust at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s."
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow progress and scarce profits than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with an infant psychiatrist Leo Kansas, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1945, Kenya published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to be propelled by private worlds -- either people around them, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours by shaking their hands into their faces, but they were prey from the pandemic by mentally as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their own habitable place without knowing them.
On the basis of the patients treated in its clinic, Kanzingham speculated that autism is very rare.
So in the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while I picked up references for as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not extracting, because the criteria of Kenya for autism diagnosis were very restriction.
So for example, desperations will give you that diagnosis to children with conveniences, but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
He once had turned out that he had taken nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her budget for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzingham was a smart man, but part of his theories were not accurate.
And autism as a form of childhood psychologists caused by cold parents and desperate.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kaluza noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that were going through certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records -- he was really saying, "Well."
But Kaluza had a bad opinion of these skills -- assigned things like kids were simply regurgitating what they had heard their parents, desperate for winning their approval present.
As a result, autism became source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers began to test the theory of Kenya that autism was weird.
Lorder William, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the chief mothers in Kenya was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and his colleague, Judith Gordon decided to do something that should be 30 years earlier.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They put a suburb in London called Campaining to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw left left that the Karain model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were embedded in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the genius of the truth.
Otherwise, these kids don't fit in nice and anti-party frames as Julian said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kansas model of Kenya would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been replaced from these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the next year to the Kansas article, and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzingham knew about this article of competition, but he avoided effortlessly in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
Adaman ideas for the teaching of children with learning differences were productivity even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercise exercise with music, and the kids followed their Sunday games.
Instead of blaming the parents of carbon cause -- associated with the describing as disabled disabilities of life that require compassionate forms of support and space adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asian called them their little teachers, and he was going to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
As a fundamentally, Asian saw autism as a diverse diverse that came up with an amazing variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and the autistic traits were common and they have always been, watching aspects of this continued in known architects in the pop culture like the storm social scientist and the teacher distributed.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a pizza of autism is essential.
Lordan and Julius found that Kenya was wrong in which autism was increased, as well as parents were the catalogues.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the diagnosis of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autonomous "demons?"
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into video, replacing the limited model of Kenya by a wide and including Asian Asia.
These changes don't fit in bottle back.
Now, as London and Julian worked between banks to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out of "Beathring Mandela in 1988, just a little circle, encouraged by experts knew what the autism, but after the individual performance of Dustast Hollywood like Raineches Barold and the recognition of "Beathring Man," and protected, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Beathring Man," the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to be stream, just like Lady and Julian, they actually hoped that it was going to get people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were deserved.
So Andrew Walker, he came to blame vaccines by the increase in the diagnostics -- a simple, powerful story -- as bad as the theory of Kanzingham was increased.
If the current estimate of the center of prevention that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reclaim the idea that the puzzles are to solve for the new medical advances -- by leveraging the terms of the terminal term to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily disappeared, usually social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asia, who believed that "The "The "The Mayor for more inequality is found in understanding teachers, employees with capacity," support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zoese Zasa once said, "We need all the hands in cover to address the boat of humanity?
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to wake up not a brain.
Thank you.
